i like your review.﻿ but i feel the speed of note taking is not fast enough in class. maybe because of the sensitivity?
but it's﻿ over £1000 :O !!
they have to work on getting a better battery life. i dont want to get a larger battery pack. That would just make it bulky. its not worth﻿ getting it if its going to be some big ass machine.
damn for a thousand dollars i can get a i7 2630, 17 inch 1080p, 4/8gb 500gb 7200, NVIDIA gt﻿ 525m
Have seen the stuff. Looks great yet the battery life ruins the impression. Competitors go for 8-10 hours with screen brightness set to 80-85 % and both WiFi and Bluetooth on - what is the point of having a tablet with 3-3.5 hours of life with screen brightness set to 50% and both WiFi and Bluetooth on? It is designed for a serious prolonged work (Photoshop, MS Office etc.)﻿ but would shut down almost immediately after watching a single movie.
Microsoft is going to release the Surface with Windows 8 and what they call "ultrabook specs", maybe it's going to be the best choise. I mean, if you have money for that. :p Then my best choice is to sit down and cry for not having the﻿ money to waste on it. :(
oh Microsoft Surface Windows 8 Pro looks awesome!!! Thanks for commenting, now I know what I﻿ want for Xmas :D
Hey there, I bought one of these on Monday and after some playing discovered this model appears to have no support for compass. I've not been able to find any verification of this online, so I'm unsure if it's perhaps a faulty unit or simply a feature which is not supported by this model. It makes Google Sky Maps unusable, unless in manual mode. And GPS navigation software less accurate from. Is this something you have found with﻿ your unit also?
it does appear to have a digital compass as when I rotate the device the pointer moves however mine seems to be out by around﻿ 90 degrees
Cheers for that. Looks like mine might be faulty then. Will return﻿ it. From what I've read digital compass errors on my search, yours sounds like it needs re-calibrating maybe? "wave the phone in a figure eight motion to calibrate holding the phone parallel to the ground" I tried, with no success. One compass app told me I had no compass hardware and "needed a better phone/tablet". Made me sad.
same here 3d compass does﻿ nothing
I bought one of these on Boxing day and I love it. Not as fast as the LG Optimus 2x tegra 2 chipset, it didn't benchamrk as high using quadrant and couldn't run games such as backstab or asphalt 6, and if you're not into the﻿ more intensive 3d games this tablet is GREAT!
kinda disappointed there's no micro HDMI so u can't connect it to a tv like you could the a500. there's also no 5mp camera on the back of the device so u can't really take pictures of other shit. but besides that I absolutely love this this tablet. its definately not﻿ too thick or heavy. it feels really sturdy, like a quality tab should feel.
I bought one of these but found that the microphone was useless when Skyping.﻿ Has anyone else found this, and hopefully found a solution. One site said to update to Android 3.2.1 but that hasn't worked.
I agree, the microphone performance is so bad that skype﻿ is almost unusable.
No,﻿ the mic on the a500 is terrible as well...
i bought one of these and the microphone is really﻿ bad is that the same with yours?
one & main problem: "no rear﻿ camera" :(
FAILLLLLLLLLL ..... Try the Asus Transformer﻿ Prime. c;
Hello, do you return the Tablet? I have the﻿ same problem with Sky Map / Compass. It dont work... When it is a faulty the I return it too. Thx
Hello, do you return the Tablet? I have the same﻿ problem with Sky Map / Compass. It dont work...﻿ When it is a faulty the I return it too. Thx
I just bought this tablet today and charged it for like 5 hours come back to it and now it wont power on anyone have this issue?﻿
my Aunt just bought me this a200, I've just used it for a single day the following days the power is dead. As I﻿ browse the net I've also seen common problems regarding power issues and most of this tab were bought from March to May of this year 2012 maybe I' or we just got a bad batch of tab, hoping that ACER will do actions on it.
is your tab still working, I've also got mine my Aunt bought this in Canada but unfortunately﻿ the power is dead after 1 day of usage....
I've got the same problem here in the Philippines. I bought this in Canada. I'm really﻿ frustrated with Acer...
Never spend ur money on this shit I got th same one brand new I used it for like 3 months only it never fell n it has rotataion problem now,the screen froze and its not even responsive now.u will be happy for﻿ some Weeks only believe me.i still got mine like brand,new and the support center sucks
I﻿ heard from alot of people that A200 is actually better than A500 the only con about 200 is no rear camera but personally I don't care. I'm getting the A200 for Christmas I'm looking forward getting it.
I've heard from alot of people that A200 has a smoother flip/slide to pages. And it has a better quality. But the cons of A200 is no rear﻿ camera, The screen isn't mega bright for outdoor use. And the A200 is like 100 or 200 dollars cheaper than the A500
I used to have a Archos 10.1 tablet, but ended up selling it; because of its lack of out the house portability. 10" is too large to just stick in your pocket, and it refused﻿ to tether to any phone. This is very cheap for a Tegra 2 tablet, but it's still got the two problems my previous tablet had. If there was a 7" version, with good phone tethering support, then maybe I'd be interested.
avoid this tablet at all costs...is seriously flawed with buggy and unresposnive interface . and﻿ it doesn't even have android market
Just received mine today from eBuyer, even though they said it would be the new model "1653" I received the old one. Tried it out anyway and have to say the viewing angles are﻿ really bad, the slightest tilt and you can't see half the detail on the screen. Shame really as it looks a good tab. Sending mine back as I can't live with the poor screen :(
Yeah, me too. Odd how often those who expressed a desire for the new one, got the old one. eBuyer's MD got involved after the flood of complaints - the dispatch types said﻿ they "couldn't guarantee" a 653 in exchange as they couldn't seprate the types. The MD had them seperate them in an HOUR. eBuyer have major problems with their workers I'd say.
I sent mine back aswell because it was the 1633 model number and I requested the 1653 model. I am waiting for the next tablet, but on ebay and ebuyer website it is written that this is the 1653 model. I hope the next one will be the﻿ good one.
I have a 1653 and its not buggy but since the last update in August the browser flags bad certificates﻿ for all web sites, will it ever get the android market?
Lets be honest all that matters is the screen as except for that they're both identical and when I or anyone else refers to them by "1633" or "1653" end users and retailers alike know exactly what﻿ is meant. The bigger questions are 1) Why did you ship the Hannspad with such a poor screen in the first place? 2) Are you going to support this device with an official Honeycomb update or at least release the rom so others can do it? Thanks
Totally given up on this tablet without even using it. :( I ordered it and asked for 1653 model. Got the 1633 model and the viewing angle was so﻿ bad that the slightest movement would make it unusable I returned it and got the 1653 model, i was so happy when i unpacked it, until i turned it on. I have never gotten a screen as bad as this one. Half the screen is in negative when looking right at it, have to look from around a corner or turn the tablet side ways to be able to see the screen fully.
hate apple love ipad the are too proprietary when it comes to features and additions like the camera adapter for﻿ sd slot and now the hdmi dongle they could have integrated that instead of make paper thin smart cases probably cost about 2 dollars to make 7 max but we need to pay 40 and 70 like i said im only getting it for the camera so i guess i have a bitter sweet outllook on apple and their products its stupid how i am still going to buy it my american mentality
lol i know but i already messed up and sold my ipad. the second thing that drew me in was garage band but im sure that works with the first model because it on the app store i dont know if i should get it but i﻿ would feel like i wasted my money on apps like korg djay cod zombies etc like about 100 bucks of apps and i dont have any other i devices
There $2 smart case is going to make up for their lose or gain for the ipad 2. Like everybody...love the product...hates Jobs close ecosystem and devious marketing tactics...2011 does like 1984.﻿
Ill skip upgrading wait for 3gen﻿ camera is garbage
Ipad sucks ,i'll take an ipad 1 for 200 bucks.....oh wait i did from a desperate fanboy and he bought an ipad 2 for 150 over price. ﻿ Gotta love mac fans
@xdivana1x﻿ i have the same problem but i will wait to ipad 3 because there is not a big big different between 1 and 2
samsung galaxy p7100 is﻿ lot more better than this holy shit ipad 2
It is difficult to type in portrait view in the iPad in our hand..but if you are not interested in iPad then go for the new samsung galaxy tab...it has a freaking good clarity with android...it has a big screen and﻿ lag is an old story for samsung...I think Galaxy tab is the best one after iPad
I really believe he was trying to convince himself at times about the features of the Ipad 2. You sense at times that he is really trying to sell﻿ the ipad and being less objective at times. web page load time, game loading time we all know are not significantly different and so the old ipad owners only are really missing out on a mediocre camera.
ipad﻿ 2 look no furthur you wont regret
ipad 2 are just crap.. its wifi connection are not as strong as the laptop.. better off﻿ buying a laptop...
Meh. Gonna get an﻿ Asus Transformer instead.
a big﻿ iPod Touch
Why you should NOT buy an ipad1 or ipad2. 1. If you have a laptop stick to it. Your laptop will do significanlty more and better. 2. It is pricey. You can buy two laptops for the price of one ipad 3. If you realy want a tablet buy an android tablet for around £100.00 which will have more functions and flexible and lots of free software. 4. it is not easy to use. You need be a geek. My granny can use a laptop but not ipad. 5. the last reason is YOU DO﻿ NOT NEED ONE.
Leik it's .2in thinner! Big deal. The difference is negligible﻿ in my opinion.
@Dprate9966 you like it, then buy it. you are looking﻿ for functionality? get a smartphona, a notebook and a pc. Tablets are just fancy. Still, if you have the money, it won't be a bad investment.
If you have 1200, get a﻿ macbook pro 13 inch. I was thinking the same thing when i bought my laptop.
Can u use videos that weren't recorded using the device's camera in iMovie ? cuz the﻿ quality sucks
looks like a big iphone!﻿
Apple﻿ has to little free good apps.
I want the﻿ ipad2 so fricking badly man! But its too expensive :(
the samsung galaxy tab seems better then﻿ this, has more features
I dislike this video coz i don't﻿ have enough money to buy one.
no stereo﻿ speakers,cancelled to buy ipad2.
too﻿ damn expensive!
Buy a Samsung Galaxy Android tablet, cheaper and doesn't make you feel like a dirty hipster﻿ douchebag.
@aladeeb2 apple for fags. Samsung rulez﻿
Ok i have no problmes with my kindle and it was being and working really well. Simple, easy to use and perfect size. Now after 3 weeks of owning it, it is acting up, i cant delete things, i cant put my wifi on, and now its not turning on. I have not dropped it, nor got it wet, i have literatley treated it like a newborn baby, and im really pissed﻿ all this is happening so Amazon really needs to work on there crap >:(
@Maliquetv I too ran into a problem with my first Kindle Fire not coming on nor would it take a charge. I just took it back to Best﻿ Buy and got another one and it now works like a charm. I love it!
Another new E-Reader with no expandable storage. Very disappointing. What's so hard to put an SD﻿ card slot in the reader?? Will buy the Kobo Vox instead. 8 GB storage plus 32GB with SD Card.
I have both go with﻿ the ipod touch
The problem with this device is that you get what you paid﻿ for...half ass performance.
My Kindle Fire won't turn on, I've tried resetting﻿ it & it still won't!!! CS﻿ sent me a charger to see if something was wrong with the charger, but it still won't work! I've had it for 1 week & it WAS in perfect condition.
- The internet browsing is pretty capable. Web pages with lots of flash and graphics take a few seconds to load but other than that, the﻿ internet works great on it.
He gave it a pretty good review but then again the this is sponsored by Audible. if it wasn't for the fact that kindle makes great readers the cynic﻿ in me would totally dismiss this. I would love to get a closer look at this device.
looks like a bigass﻿ ipod touch
Not really, the keyboard is pretty crappy and you﻿ mispell lots of stuff.
If you are using for primarily note taking, defiantly not for you. The keyboard is not the best digital keyboard﻿ out there.
you can but not all services will be available to you. As far as I know, you wont be able to access the amazon app store, movie streaming or use the cloud service. Other than that, you can use it fine. The good thing is, you dont have to﻿ get anything from amazon. Apps and books can all be gotten from other sources and just drag-n-dropped into the kindle fire.
kindle fire= Ipod on steroids﻿
KINDLE FIRE= ipod touch on steroids﻿
iPod touch if your going to use it as a music player, other than that kindle fire totally out classes the﻿ itouch.
@SoldierKnowsBest this is the best review i have ever seen i guess, and will you recommend this﻿ kindle fire for me cause i want to get it and people keep saying its not nice does it have a store like the apple store and can you download apps and so on?!
Amazon, you suck kid!. Gtfo, you fail leecher. ﻿
"I﻿ would open up an application and it would take LITERALLY SECONDS to open up" Wow that is slow...
WHY CAN'T﻿ MY KINDLE BE AS COOL AS THE iPad?!? D:
I bought this for my wife to keep her away from iPad. She loves it, but she doesn't know﻿ any better
I would go with the "Nook Tablet" ($250) it has a BETTER battery life, MORE storage and BETTER processor. They also got clock work mod working so thats a plus.﻿
The Kindle Fire isn't a tablet like he said it's PMD portable multi medi device so comparing it to an ipad 2 is just silly since it lacks so﻿ many things hence the small price, here are a few things missing that from it just to name a few no front or back camera (aham ipad 1), microphone, 3G, bluetooth, gps, accelerometer, gyroscope, video-out and ambien light sensor. So u see people who call this a tablet is an ignorant idiot since a tablet is much more capable device, this is cheap and ugly
it has USB but seriously unless u just want to watch﻿ netflix or read book or play very limited amount of games i don't see why any one else would like to buy this device since it's so low end, the dual core processor is shitty and this isn't even a tablet its a PMD
the online streaming is slow when i use it at 8:00 PM-9:00PM. Also their is only one other browser you can get from the store its called Maxthon. Also you cant access﻿ the cloud via computer. Also you can't use the document folder. ALSO you can't delete pulse/ office suite/audible. You also cant put your own content on there or connect it to the computer.
Kindle fire is not that good in my opinion,but the price is﻿ pretty cheap
Excellent review. I've thought about buying this product but it just is not versatile enough for me. I need﻿ a device that I can compose documents and watch stored videos on the fly.
Great review, SB. I agree with your complete assessment. I would add though that I was disappointed that it doesn't come with a microphone and an external SD slot as I have gotten use to and do use voice search﻿ on my android phone and use the SD slot to transfer files/documents without having to dock to a PC. Even at the great price of $199 I kind of expected those two items to be a given.
The downside to the Kindle fire compared to the ipad is that the ipad has a camera in the front and back for video and pictures which is great for skype. I use skype to stay in contact with my family who lives far away from me. Also the ipad has a much bigger screen while as the kindle﻿ fire has a smaller screen. If your looking for a bigger screen or a camera then the kindle fire is not for you. For the price you wont find a better tablet at that price. I think I can manage without the camera.
Get the BlackBerry﻿ PlayBook! NOT this!
Succinct. I think the power button on﻿ the bottom is a con (accidentally hitting it, etc). For those who don't know there are Refurb Fire being sold now for only $169. I think I'm getting my soon.
While, yes, BB PB does lack apps, its way better! I have tried both and have more satisfied with the playbook. And now, you dont need a phone to have email calendar etc. Cause of the new software update. The browser is far superior! The os is way more fluid and easy. More and more apps are becoming available. Its way better! IF the Kindle Fire had the REAL Android os, then yes, it would be better. But for 200$ you﻿ cant go wrong with the playbook!
The Browser i \s﻿ slow and its laggy. I'm holdin' out for the iPad 3.
My one drawback as I said in my comment was they had no camera. I have skype on my PC but in order to use it I have to sit in my office chair to use it. I would have liked to be able to for once use skype but from a more comfortable place like my bed or my couch so I don't have to sit on that uncomfortable chair the whole time. But for the price I cannot complain. If I had no PC or webcam﻿ at all then I would complain. Maybe for the next model they plan to add in a camera or some sort.
Kindles﻿ lost the plot
Same design floor as any other tablet....."GLOSSY SCREEN". Digtal Ink was the thing that made the old kindle so usable and readable but it was slow. However there is no need (technically) for the modern tablets to have glossy screens. If I am reading a book or watching a video, I want to see the CONTENT. I do NOT want to see the fluro lighting in my office or my﻿ own face/t-shirt. Why do the manufacuters make them so shiney? Because you/we the "consumers" buy SHINEY THINGS. No other reason.
a slow tablet that's $200﻿ is not worth $200...looks like ill have to wait about 1 more year for "decent" tablets to surface....and not ipad's
ASUS TRANSFORMER PRIME. all﻿ i can say
BlackBerry PlayBook 200$﻿ and 2x better and has kobo!
But no﻿ webcam
Okayy the Kindle Fire is pretty good, and good for it's price and so many people are like ohh I want...Well, any Android or iPhone does the same things. You can call and text on them tho. If you just get Netflix or Hulu Plus, and the Kindle Books App, then really, there's﻿ no need for a Kindle Fire. Just saying. I was gonna get one and I was soooooo excited but then I found this amazing Android phone I wanted too and I had to pick one, and I needed a better phone and my family has Netflix so ....
Because﻿ the only thing different between them is that a Kindle has more storage, BUT you can call and text on a phone, and it has a microphone and camera so you can record videos and vid chat. My opinion, just get an Android or iPhone and get a Netflix or Hulu Plus app and a Kindle Books app.
Oh crud. It has a shiny screen. Kindles should not have shiny screens!!! Why??? That is number one when I'm buying any device I need to study from. I'd like to use my eyes when I'm﻿ sixty thanks!
No physical volume button so you can't turn﻿ down the volume on your porn fast. :(
Too﻿ small :(
i just got the kindle today and was trying to figure﻿ out the cloud storage it said there was only like 5Gb of strange on it and you have to pay if you want more space, i thought it was free whats the deal..?
I bought the Kindle 3G and I was very impressed with it, but I have my reservations about the Fire. I was very disappointed when it did not have 3G included. How could they do that? However, Soldier, your review is very impressive and made me rethink my decision not to get it, You help me understand a lot more about the Fire and how I can get the best out of it.﻿ Of course, the $200 price tag is nothing to sneeze at. Thank you very much
The new iPad.﻿ The Kindle Fire does not even compare to the iPad.
Thanks! Very useful information. No instruction manuel was in the box.﻿
Kindle fire...LOL.﻿ Shitty (and small) low pixel screen (170ppi) NO microsd slot,﻿ no GPS. No external volume button (WTF LOL). NO google apps, NO app store, NO home button, NO folders, TERRIBLE touch accuracy, NO bluetooth, low battery life... people who buy this are suckers. You're better off buying one of those no-name-brand Chinese android tablets from Ebay for $50, but then at least you'll get half the features missing from this giant turd.
tried that but have﻿ no customers from 1am-4am and i get tired reading that late, right now read comics (that are runing out) and listen to podcast/music on ipod classic
Just got one, it does not work won't turn on just gives me a green light for 1 second, i charged it all﻿ night, im getting a nook
Good review. Is it true that Kindle Fire is difficult to read in bright sunlight or on the beach? The touch navigation is very nice, but it﻿ doesn't function as nicely or quickly as it does on the iPad or even the Kindle Touch.
One problem I have is that the quality of youtube videos on the kindle﻿ fire is not to great.
I have a small problem the page location keeps dkipping on fully purchased books like page 99 i flip the page gently and it﻿ says page 106 please help
Nexus 7: much better!﻿
Get a﻿ google nexus 7 its the same price, its faster, thinner, lighter, has a front-facing camera and a higher resolution. It also has android 4.1 jelly bean.
well the comments say that nexus 7 is better so no﻿ point watching this review then
A 7" screen is shit for reading comics.﻿
This crap sucks the web﻿ is so fudging slow
Nexus 7﻿ destroys the Fire!
I personally don't care for the Kindle Fire anymore. Yes, it's a huge advantage that it has the entire Amazon ecosystem. However, it's a huge disadvantage because it's not running actual Android, and doesn't have features other tablets in the﻿ same price range have, such as Bluetooth.
Get the nexus 7. Not the Kindle Fire. Not the kindle fire. Not the﻿ kindle fire. Please. God, don't get it. Get the nexus 7 or wait 2 months for the Kindle fire 2 (to see if it can even compete.)
Buy a Nexus﻿ 7, sell your Kindle fire
I was going to﻿ get a Fire but I ran across a new Acer netbook for $25 more at Walmart. 250 gig hard drive and 4~5 hours battery life and has Windows 7 Home Premium and it runs real software. I wanted a tablet but the Acer turned out to be a great deal. Plus $12 more for a wireless mouse. Sad speakers though.
fuck this﻿ i am getting a nexus 7
Don't get these POS people. Save a few﻿ more and get yourself an iPad!!! These things are CRAP!!!! You will regret it if you don't listen to me!
The Nexus 7 is better﻿ and its the same price! $199
I HATE THE﻿ KINDLE
i have one.. I LOVE IT.. but the only down side to it freezes sometimes it really fucking pisses me off but other than that it does everything u need to get﻿ done
Nexus﻿ 7 the best, fucking NIGGER.
nexus 7 is the king !﻿
the kindle is not worth the money at all,in germany i got an tablet with the same specs and half of the price and﻿ runns on ics 4.0 "odys Xelio"
for pro ...only iPad none of de other not even get close to apple ﻿
i expected﻿ more battery life for reading :(
so its not a reader﻿ and not eInk. Until its eInk, I am not interested.
NEXUS﻿ 7 FOR THE WIN!!!
the kindle sucks the battery is stupid u can liike charge it for only like 100 times it eww﻿
kindles are﻿ not my choice
I pretty much think kindle is a fadding company﻿ im sticking with my nexus 7:) nice review tho. c:
ok, first off on MY kindle the movies is pixeld and akward. on MY kindle when you scroll it LAGS. and also on angry﻿ birds space (hd), the backround is PIXLES! just get the ipad2
no﻿ camera
Kindle became popular of good e-ink screen, comfortable for reading. This one same as laptop or iPad. Really not﻿ what I've been expecting from Kindle.
I personally prefer the﻿ nexus 7
i would rather buy a full featured computer for the same price. power commensurates with hardware and﻿ in this case i dont think the xoom does such a good job in that respect. but im just speculating as a consumer who has not or will not buy one.
Nice review﻿ Jon, I still like the iPad 2 better, it may just be the fact I like Apple products.
ipad2 will destroy this thing, just saying ﻿
No offense.﻿ But Android is trying to take over everything, this year its tablet, next year its iPods.
I want to try﻿ android but there just isn't anything tablet or phone wise that really beats iPhone or iPad...
This thing is so sexy but it is sooo expensive. Somehow, even more﻿ expensive than Apple.
iMovie + Photobooth = iPad 2 > Android imitations.﻿
I very﻿ much dislike Android.
iOS > Android﻿
Only for mail, youtube, maps ... and apps???? NO﻿ APPS for XOOM
The iPad 2 WILL destroy this. Even though this has the better device hardware and﻿ software wise. But iOS is seriously getting boring.
a laggy﻿ piece of shiet
I'd rather get﻿ something else than this.
I am saying I like what the iPad 2 has to offer and﻿ I am not the biggest fan of Android, I may not have the device but I know from the keynote what it has.
WTF YOU TALKING ABOUT? Apple killed this product, and just because its Android and not iOS is NOT an enticement for﻿ me to buy this piece of CRAP
rather buy an 1000 dollar macbook than this, which﻿ is 800
iPad﻿ 2 is better. the superior apps just destroy the xoom.
i dont know why to you say the pinch to zoom is not as good as other android phones they are all the same they are not﻿ smooth i test the better ones i think i might get an ipad
ui is an opinion, in my opinion,﻿ the ipad has a better ui, you can use skyfire for flash and if you want customization you can jailbreak
iPad 2 will destroy this, but Playbook and the new Hp tablet look really nice...We will see how this plays out...either way this tablet is an﻿ overpriced load of rubbish and will fail either way
looks﻿ like a knock off
If there was 65000 Apps in the android market maybe this tablet can do it﻿ well or if this tablet costs 500 I would buy it
Hmm, the Xoom is a pretty good tablet, but I'm going with the iPad 2. There's just more apps on the iTunes App﻿ Store compared to the Android Market.
I'm getting﻿ the iPad 2, but the Xoom is better in my opinion. BUT ... Just too expensive and heavy.
the zoom was rushed to﻿ get put out to the consumer market
Messy UI, ugly design.. laggy﻿ response.. aka iPad 2 is the way 2 go
Xoom has the best﻿ and nicest OS iPad 2 has the more apps and looks better Playbook looks sweet. HP Touchpad is just fail. I'd wait for a cheaper and better Android Tab from LG/Samsung or get the iPad 2 That Xoom is ugly!
iPad 3﻿ will destroy this thing.
xoom﻿ has the better hardware but ipad 2 has a better software to optimize the hardware
iPad 2 = + 60.000 Apps Android 3.0 = less﻿ than 10.000 Apps
i think the﻿ xoom was forgotten the day apple announced ipad 2. . .
Yh they are approaching it like its a laptop..So it sounds like it will fail but who knows..Atleast its something new in the tablet world, there will be less and less apple v android wars when the playbook and HP﻿ join the fight, it should be very intresting.
"This is the new shit" as they say. Give it a month or so and we'll have the next "iPad killer" Android tablet and this thing will be tossed on the﻿ pile, like has happened with the phones.
Sucks that this vastly superior﻿ product was released without native software. I suspect Apple will have a field day with their next ad campaign...
The notifications are so out of the way that you barely will even notice﻿ them. I don't like it. The multitasking UI sucks.
iPad 2 will destroy this lil thing so﻿ badly
android 3.0 has like 200 apps﻿
Just saying﻿ that because it is absolutely true. Apple has a lot of time to optimize their software to the hardware of the iPhone/iPad. Android is open and can be put on just about anything lol. I am probably going with the iPad 2 because as a tablet, I think Apple dominates that category
I'm still happy with my modified﻿ Nook Color running CyanogenMod 7.
This will end up﻿ as a cafeteria tray soon
I don't know how much it matters, but I've heard the Ipad 2 was better in a Javscript sunspider benchmark than the﻿ xoom, which used to be the best tablet.
that awful pinch﻿ to zoom is driving me to Apple.
iPad 2 > XOOM!!﻿
Sorry Xoom, but the iPad 2 kind﻿ of ruined your party.
I think when the bugs are ironed out and there are some Android Tablet Apps this will be a good tablet. I﻿ don't have a tablet yet but if I was going to buy one, based on what I have seen so far I would buy an ipad 2. In a year or two it may be a different story but right now everyone is trying to catch up to Apple.
i know it works i own an iphone myself but i would like to see a change in the OS not just hardware im getting bored of iOS. It looked amazing a couple years ago but its getting old. android may﻿ not be as pretty as iOS but its more functional but you can make android look better with better customization which the beauty of android :)
Why would you buy an xoom? I understand preference but the iPad 2 dumps its load and then﻿ some on the xoom.
Is that a statistic? And exactly, you said it correctly, "people﻿ with half a brain will buy a xoom"... I cannot argue this, iPad2 is the obvious choice for people with a full brain.
Don't you see that what made the iPad so successful right out the box was the fact that it worked, hardly ever crashed, and it was FAST!! I just can't see how xoom could have come out with this product if it﻿ can't even do that
something thats been bugging me with honeycomb is the size of the widgets and app shortcut buttons. Believe they should be bigger.﻿ With such a big screen, I would want my email and calendar widgets to fill top to bottom. And what about that small clock? The screen did look washed out in the video. The fluorescent blue on dark blue tron theme doesn't help at all. Given that I dont like Apple's dominance, I'd probably wait for HP Touchpad.
As well, the Xoom is just way too ridiculously expensive.﻿
iPad 2 works better for me, just because I like to use iChat with friends and the cameras allow me to do that. As well, cameras offer me what I want along with most of iPad 2's features like thinness and lightness.﻿
widgets﻿ suck and are ugly and obtrusive.
Call me crazy, but I hate Widgets.﻿
Price and lag... Good review!﻿ The device looks solid, definitely. The OS needs more which it obviously does not have at the moment.
iPad﻿ ftw...
Lol ahahaha another pathetic﻿ attempt to take on iPad.
xoom has too many imperfections i would recommend﻿ ipad 2
ipad 2 is﻿ 499
ipad is﻿ WAYYYYYY better
theres nothing to﻿ nitpick about with an apple
Apple devices have﻿ nothing to nitpick about :D
so sad to see such a young devise die (RIP) , but even more happy to﻿ see the iPad2 on Friday :)))
iPad 2 >>> Every single﻿ Android tablet...
Zoom sucks , iPad 2﻿ Rules!!!
iPad 2 will eat this﻿ thing for lunch.
iPad 2 is much better in every﻿ aspect.
Actually you﻿ made a tiny mistake Android <<<<<<<<<<<<<<< iOS
its spelled "XOOM" not Zoom but ya﻿ ipad 2 ftw
Vice versa, why would you buy a oversized Android device? ... oh yeah, ummm "ya tool!"... sorry, I almost forgot to add a random insult to a internet user because that's the "hip" thing to do on youtube comment boards which you're embracing﻿ well.
ipad 2 !!! i had a xoom n returned it honeycomb is not as﻿ polished as iOS atleast not yet...
But for the record, Honeycomb 3 looks nice... It's much better than multitasking on the IOS, as well as it's notification system, but iPad still seems to have the upperhand on overall hardware. So chill﻿ out, not all Apple users are tools... most of them are purely fanboys who will buy anything Steve Jobs put out even if it was his own shit branded with a Apple logo. It's all about preference at the end of the day I suppose and the iPad would be my choice of tab... end discussion
Android is slow, iOS﻿ is fast/stable isn't lagging anywhere..
I can't﻿ stand Android
Ugh android﻿ -.-
more﻿ expensive then iPad = instant fail
iPad 2 > XOOM﻿
xoom using 3.0 looks promising but it's buggy. ipad 2 on the other hand you know you are getting a polished os. with thousands of apps. ﻿ not to mention high resale value. andriod devices seems like pc the moment u buy it it isnt really worth as much do to many suppliers. apple well it's still apple. i just wish google have some quality control over the android some android devices are really a piece of turd not saying all just some. pros and cons on all devices. just find what fits you.
theres always﻿ lag with pinch to zoom and scrolling with any android device....
i messed around with a XOOM today at best buy i hated it, messed around with the ipad "1" and loved everything about it so the ipad﻿ 2 will make the XOOM look like a piece of crap :)
thank you screw android﻿
well not screw android, i have droid x and its pretty good, of course ios is better no matter what but lets not forget android is pretty good, however my next phone will be a iphone﻿ 5
when u buy a apple product u will like it, quality and performance is﻿ guaranteeed
Ipad 2 way better. The screen looks so washed out. Viewing angels suck﻿ on the xoom .
XOOM IS GAY﻿
Apple haters only have to ask themselves one question.﻿ Would the xoom exist without iPad ? NOT
I like the Xoom, but that price﻿ is a huge negative. Btw...please invest in a dedicate mike.
y do people worry about the price they'll eventually decrease the price﻿ the overall product of the xoom is better
Yeah and the﻿ xoom also doesnt hold value either... people are selling them for $300 on craigslist... thats less than the ipad 1 lol
the xoom still sucks. the OS does not take advantage of the﻿ hardware. iOS ftw
or i can buy a laptop﻿ instead... and save my self a lot of money and can do WAY more
Even﻿ widgets they got that from OSX lol
I tried the Xoom and it crashed constantly. I thought it was going to be better than the iPad since I use an android phone but, I don't like the Xoom. It has too many issues right now. I don't think﻿ it was ready to be released.
im a fan of motarola i dont like the over hype of apple products but i think it will take some time for the google team to learn from their mistakes and i suspect in a few years thell surpass apple but until now im with ipad ...my droid is slow as crap sometimes i﻿ really just was disapointed with the hype of android it really hasnt preformed to its full potential
Apple fan boy here.﻿ So... Xoom sucks.
I think Android 3.0 is a very intuitive and well developed OS, especially since it is the first Android OS designed especially for tablets. Improvements can be made, such as the lack of apps and the speed lag,﻿ but for the most part it is a great option and I would be happy to own the Xoom!
ipad 2 all﻿ the way
Great review Jon, knew I﻿ could count on you for a comprehensive look at the Xoom. My Xoom experience was very negative, very unpolished and choppy.
It looks like shit. Who in their right mind would buy one over an iPad 2, or even an iPad 1? It has too many major flaws: for example; the severe lack of dedicated apps (not to mention *good* apps), the price, the poor quality screen, the less-than-impressive responsiveness of Honeycomb, and of course the fact that it weighs more and is thicker than the iPad 2. Oh, and did I mention that the iPad looks﻿ a lot better and has better build quality?
Not that one, no way. Your money is﻿ better spent on an iPad.
IMO nope, it cost's motorola $300 to build, box and ship a single unit, $800 is WAY inflated and they just﻿ sell it that much because there are suckers out there that will buy it.
Im not a Apple fan, but at the moment Apple makes better tablets,﻿ but its just a matter of time, more competition eventually lead to lower prices for the consumer
playbook﻿ ftw
hahaha android﻿ is a major failure
Considering the price, it should be much better. Apple still has the upper hand as far as I am concerned.﻿
If that thing﻿ gets fully optimized with the dual-core processor then it's a buy for me.
Almost everything is right about the Xoom except the price, the weak Apps so far and I don't trust Motorola to make it worth my money over a long period of time either. With the iPad already a year old and Apple as it's maker you already know it is a proven winner and you can just get it and enjoy so much more. Right now you can get﻿ the first iPad for 399.00 The Xoom just can't beat that.
It is a little ugly too sure, I know that may not mean anything, but to﻿ me it does. Especially when you see how the iPad 2 looks.
you i could ever﻿ use anything more than os a few months ago i found a droid i had no idea how to use it really tripy
i don't even know WHY THE HECK! APPLE DOES NOT INCLUDE FLASH TO WEB﻿ BROWSER the ipad would be thebest if so
All I Hear is is saying it isnt fast , the pinch-to-zoom was lagy . . . well thats just ur's cuz all the other 10 reviews ive watched speak other wise . im just saying ﻿
The tablet looks good but what kills it it's running android, get a smoothing running software on﻿ it plus get some apps too.
no thanks﻿ to moto xoom, ill gladly take the black berry playbook any day.
Android﻿ sucks and is unfinished
Xoom﻿ R.I.P. :(
I initially thought the low lighting was intentional because the screen of the Xoom seems so washed out. If he had better lighting...the screen would be﻿ even more washed out.
no......... ill take﻿ my iPad 2 thanks
just a big﻿ evo 4g
iPad﻿ > Xoom
Thanks Jon I think I will hold out on this one after seeing a few reviews on this product I can clearly see that in each review the reviewer identifies the same issues that need﻿ to be patched updated and resolved.
@dankando Try dropping that thing a foot onto carpet Oops sorry about that twenty rows of pixels that are gone that sucks bad﻿
if anyone thinks﻿ of getting it wait for iPad 2
Apps are where the comparisons end. iPad has access to so many more features through the App Store. Xoom can fairly be compared to the﻿ iPad only when the Android Market Place catches up to the App Store. Until then, iPad will always have a larger market share and will remain more popular among consumers.
It's apple. Cus its like all the cool people have it and like it looks﻿ prettyyyyyy. Lol jks Have fun with the Xoom!
the screen looks very unorganized. icons seem seems to look very small. i don't know, it just does﻿ not feel right to me.
It is thinner and lighter. And more tablet optimized apps as for now. It uses one port for both file transfer﻿ and charging. Thats what I have on the top of my head. You only ask for how iPad 2 is better, you did not ask for how Xoom is better than the iPad 2. So i left it out.
You are free to organize it anyway you want. The default UI may not be as polished as Apple's﻿ but it is open source so you can change it to anything you like.
tablets﻿ are so stupid
If you see the business aspect then iPad 2 will maintain 75% market share in 2011, Apple is marketing genius,iOS ecosystem is getting so strong that many of us don't even think of getting out of it.iOther companies﻿ are not even trying,they are making attempt to get share of the market that APPLE creates.Critics wrote iPad off but we all know the result.
I﻿ still prefer iPad :-)
iPad 2﻿ > Xoom
iPad had the same problem (lack﻿ of apps) when it was first released. Give it time and honeycomb will be awesome!
HTC Flyer >﻿ Xoom > Ipad 2
Android 3.0 can't take down﻿ ipad 2. Maybe android 3.2 or 3.3 can, but by then ipad 3 will be out in market.
I think I'll stock with my droid﻿ x.
Apps shouldn't be compared, apple﻿ doesn't make the 3rd party apps for the iPad, neither does google. . .Blame the devs for lack of support. But that will change, just like it did on the iPad in the beginning.
It's interesting. In a way the android home page and navigation does too much and tends to put the user in info overload. The iOS home page does too little and leaves﻿ the user wanting more from his device.
android sux﻿
$800? No thank﻿ you Motorola.
After watching this video, this makes me want to get an iPad more than ever, lol. This Motorola Zoom is way overpriced and not worth it. I still like the review though. Jon is the king﻿ of reviewers.
K-I-S-S Keep It Simple Stupid.. My biggest beef with android is they try to hard to make everything customizable, which IMO just makes it super complicated and messes up the "flow" of everything.. using a tablet (which is mostly media-driven) should be simple. tap on netflix app and watch a movie. Not slide﻿ to another home screen, hold down screen, click on apps, click on netflix, etc. etc.
I like it, but the XOOM﻿ doesn't like my wallet too well...
I'd rather have an iPad 2. The price for this plastic piece of shit is ridiculous.﻿ And less than 100 Tablet based apps, you have a real loser here. It all about APPS with smartphones and tablets people. I don't give a shit if the Xoom has more RAM than a supercomputer, it doesn't matter if you don't have the apps.
I think the lag is motorola's fault, not honeycomb's. They generally do a poor job optimizing﻿ the hardware drivers on their devices. The Atrix lags as well. I think I'd wait for the LG G-Slate and see what that has to offer. It will most likely also offer a more agreeable price point!
Not a bad review but you didn't talk about: 1. Lack of 4G out the box, even though it was promised 2. Lack of Flash even﻿ though it was advertised as a feature 3. Poor optimisation of Honeycomb, Google should not have released it, customers should not be beta testers 4. Lack of a functional SD card slot 5. Multitasking only shows 5 previous apps 6. Pricing
Not a bad﻿ copy/paste comment, but he DID talk about: Lack of flash Poor optimisation of Honeycomb Multitasking only shows 5 previous apps Lack of 4G. Watch the video before you post a comment Fanboy.
I like the﻿ iPad a lot better
thats the bad thing about android it get devices out without fixing all the bugs or polishing the os or even having enough apps﻿ apple is alot better in making polished devices that works well i am not an apple fanboy i dont own any apple device but thats my opinion
screw android. they yare horrible at meshing hardware specs with a very capable software. thats what apple does best. apple makes both hardware and software gel so smoothly. xoom﻿ who? i give them a month to fade from tech memory
There's some truth in your comment although Android is fundamentally different from iOS in that Android is used on devices not made by google with hardware not designed to run optimally with Android. This makes it impossible for Android to be as refined and polished as iOS.﻿
The screen itself looks bad, it's so gray and the colors and contrast look so lame. Still iOS 5 will need﻿ to be much different than the iOS 4.3 to beat the developing droid 3.0. The iPhones OS from 2007 isn't enough.
Task bar is beginning to resemble WINDOWS uh oh. Even the browser experience reminds me of it.﻿ This isn't good.
It's like your afraid of saying a product isn't what it's supposed to be. The Xoom (hardware) itself might indeed have potential, but in general this is just an unfinished product. No regular consumer would ever be interested in a product like this. Honeycomb obviously doesn't deliver a smooth experience and it's got almost no apps to try out. Apart﻿ from all this, it's really ugly as hell. WTH is the task-bar-thing? I really would have expected Google to do a better job.
Only﻿ like Android Tablets for game console emulators!
It seems like tech/car companies always lower the bar when it comes to innovation, design, and user experience (ie..iPad 2). This is no different with the XOOM. Cheap camera, choppy zooming/ browsing, and akward cumbersome home screens. Maybe one day somebody with have the balls to make the best product they﻿ can without thinking about small incremental upgrades each generation. XOOM = SUCKS Especially at the $800 price point. That's a nice 46" flatscreen for the same price.
u can tell google told Motorola to just release the Xoom now before the iPad 2 comes out. has barely any apps, and the OS doesnt look finished. also if ur playing a game does the 3 buttons﻿ still stay on screen?
I don't like the lack of apps available, which to me shows Motorola and Google didn't work on sending out developer kits﻿ really early as RIM is doing for Playbook. I will not get a Xoom and will get an iPad 2.
I meant I don't like how many apps are﻿ available at this point.
Looking at this video did not say hey I want this instead of an iPad...I say this because Apple's iOS came out first with a lot of the features that are being shown in this video and on Android devices. The only thing I see that is cool is the notification system﻿ that Android uses which is second to none, other than that it seems like I would play with this and then put it down forever. It makes me feel like it's Windows all over again with a Cadillac grill or something. Needs more!
On another note you mentioned﻿ the apps, yes apps make up a huge amount of usability for any tablet but the problem is this, (Android)does not separate itself from anything else(Apple) and it is not better than Apple iOS, yes there are some features that are different which is really good but it needs more, this makes me feel like Apple his everything on the head right and everyone else just seems to copy and is the same. Touch/Swipe/Flick/scroll/dbl tap/apps/icons/ all of this stuff is iOS 1st!
BTW John this response is not directed at you, it's more so directed at Moto and Android! It seems that HTC needs to make a tablet because they seem to make the best Android Hardware and the software always seems to run faster on HTC(Droid X vs EVO) Motorola stuff always sucks, they need to stick to routers and home phones because they always seem to take good software and fuck it up! Motorola Xoom right back to the store and keep my money for the﻿ iPad 2....
Why isn't﻿ something that works good?
Less﻿ than 100 apps,no thanks I'll be upgrading my iPad.
didnt you hear about the evo view?﻿
once a mess, always a mess.﻿ that's the Motorola XOOM. simple as that...
See HTC﻿ Flyer.
You didn't like having to charge with a proprietary cable?! Ok, I'll be waiting for﻿ you yo mention that in your iPad 2 review as well ;)
No tablet,﻿ ipad, tab, xoom, or whatever is worth a nice desktop or good laptop
$800 bucks is kinda steep for a tablet. And with only 100 tablet-ready apps, . . .﻿
No apps, Not worth it. App store is reason enough to buy a iPad over this.. hardware is well and good but when it comes down to it﻿ there is nothing out there to run on this thing. In comparison to the iPad anyways.
The only reason I'm wary of the Xoom is that Motorola's support for Android devices in Canada (such as the Milestone, which I have and love) has been HORRIBLE. Though presumably that may not be an issue﻿ with the wifi only model since I'd imagine updates would flow a bit more freely.
damn it looks like it sucks pretty bad!!!﻿
I used to like you but now you're just a complete FANDROID. You are completely wrong on so many things. First the homescreen is great. Widgets are just overrated. Let me kill my battery﻿ just so i can see that the weather﻿ was the same as it﻿ was 5 minutes ago. Multitasking is fantastic. The way Apple has it set up is the way it's meant to be﻿ on mobileos. Android isn't meant for everyone because it's hardly usable. But Apple is aiming and succeeding at making iOS usable by anyone not just geeks.
honstely its not﻿ $300 better than an ipad 2 its gonna fail no doubt
It will never happen because companies like motorola and apple come out with a new product every year with slightly better features than﻿ the last generation in order to squeeze every penny out of consumers.
it sounds like your just hating on everything... I mean honestly do you think anything﻿ out there is good? The iPad sucks, the Xoom sucks, cars suck. I'll bet that 46'' sucks too.
Everyone concludes android will over take apple because of all their features and new ideas but none of these new features or ideas have enough polish to apeal to consumers﻿ androids basically push everything they can into a device all without any polish
if it takes a guy whose job is to review tablets 4 days to learn android 3.0 then im screwed :/﻿
ipad have a better price and apps . Honeycomb also is﻿ very good but too expensive for me.
Are you stupid? Of course android has higher market share. They ship out shit products everyweek, and there are thousands of Android devices. That's why there's so much fragmenting in Android. Are﻿ you kidding me? How are iOS device's cost twice as much as they're worth? The iPad 2 is cheaper then the Motorola Xoom, with the same specs and BETTER battery life. So tell me who's more expensive. You have no idea what you're talking about.
this thing is crap﻿ IOS stil on top
screen sucks cammera sucks!! 2011 stil android﻿ lags
blend that pice of﻿ shit
Guys, It's not Androd, it's Motorola which﻿ sucks. Motorola is almost dead outside US bcoz of it's 2nd grade products. Wake up. HTC makes the best Android devices which r always best tweaked.
Why would they build you the perfect machine when they can make more money by selling you half now﻿ and half later?
I have a feeling that ARM processors are better than NVidia's or Intel's mobile processors. ARM has been﻿ developing low power simple instructions processors for so long that I trust they do it way more efficiently. As Apple owns a share of ARM, iPad, iPod Touch and iPhone will continue to have the best hardware plus software integration.
While i contemplate buying a Xoom and retiring my ipad the lack of apps in the android store didn't concern me, As most of my Ipad apps are for websites that have had to use apps to make up for the ipad's web browser shortcomings. A Xoom with the upcoming flash support would enable me to get rid of most﻿ of the apps i use. I have had an IPad since release and i am fed up of making concessions for it.
It seems﻿ if anyone prefers the ipad they instantly get called a fanboy its pathetic.
yea but ipad came out with a lot more than﻿ 12 apps
actually the ipad launched with HUNDREDS of apps!﻿
This is one of the best reviews from you. You covered all stuff that matters and did it much faster than in previous videos. Also, I can't agree more with your review. I would prefer Honeycomb over iOS any day, but right now it's a little fresh and needs a lot of polish. This is a true tablet OS, and I﻿ think it will be the future for tablets. However, the iPad will always have an advantage over it in terms of apps because of these easy-to-use SDK.
wow pinch to zoom choppy?? that's﻿ a first I've seen ona xoom review..
your expectations were just way too high for the xoom, it makes﻿ the review sound biased and really negative. cut some slack
Right now as in this year, iPad 2 whips the floor with the xoom. Not even close, but iPad﻿ 3 better have some real change or the next xoom or updated version will probably be better. But now iPad 2 still got it. iPad 1 is even better. It's all about apps people
Who the﻿ hell thought of the name XOOM? It sounds retarded so its aimed at the retards who would buy it
@oliverblaser - if you do not own a tablet, get﻿ an iPad 2 because it is simple to use and easy to learn, but the Xoom looks like it's got a learning curve.
This is﻿ THE android 3 tablet, that's meant to beat the iPad 2... And the browser crashes! A built in feature crashes! Shockingly bad. And there's about 4 apps :L
google is now only asking for 10% of revenue made from apps as opposed to the 30% that apple demands. in about a year or two. There will be many more android apps than apple apps. however, apple will continue to make﻿ the most technologically advanced devices but they won't have anything on it
Nobody expects it to be released﻿ with 50000 apps. But the fact remains that it doesn't have many, and its still a factor in your decision to buy this.
When iPad launched, there was no competitor. When the Xoom launched, there was the iPad already. All he's saying is that maybe Google should've made sure there were some amount of tablet-tailored apps to start off with that seemed a little more competitive. Your argument does make sense, but Jon made his statement relative to the competition﻿ in the tablet industry.
@ghostwishper apple a5 dual core are better than the tegra 2 dual core and﻿ have better graphics do you research
iOS﻿ doesnt crash even close to as often as Android 3 that was rushed out. In its current state Android 3 is borderline faulty.
All that power and no apps, that's like a pretty Lamborghini with no gas, Brother, you ain't going NO WHERE! I'de rather have a Honda Civic with a full tank, common sense, worldwide proven performance, world wide support. Just like Old Sega systems back in the day.﻿ Crash and burn, stuck with useless hard ware, Gimme back my Iphone, selling my Myphone. If I liked Freezing I'de go somewhere cold.
Pretty Interfaces and Angry Birds with dual cores﻿ don't make a sensible purchase.
im going to sell this shitty tablet ! its﻿ perfect except it cant multi-task :(
And the Asus eee Transformer is better then all of them XD﻿
i think the i ipad 2 is great . the only thing is apple has to get flash on it and no one will ever beat it . but as for now its still the best﻿ . come on apple just do it and put them all to same
Cant see how you think ipad 2 is great. Its a piece of crap. It's not just because it doesnt have flash. It doesn't have usb, you cant do hdmi without buying apple hook up and then hdmi hook cable. The camera is crap, the memory is only 512 vs 1gig. You cant do anything without hooking it up to a damn computer and syncing with that bull crap itunes, ONLY decent thing it has going for it is the app store and last i looked it at had only 800 more﻿ than android.
Thumbs﻿ up if you are watching this on your iPad..
yah the laggy﻿ piece of shit os is soo much better -_-
I see where your﻿ coming from, but at least Apple tries. Look at all the other manufacturers... They just build hardware and slap Android on it. You have to admit Apple does take time to design their products, hardware, and software. And, I'm not quite sure though, I believe the App Store has 350,000 apps as opposed to the Android Marketplaces around 200,00ish.
@katanavsclaymore Yeah, they do only upgrade them slightly, but they are quality products. Unfortunately however, on the tablet side of Android, no one seems to be making﻿ tablet optimized apps. I think that's where the iPad has beaten the Android tabs, because there are actually tons of iPad optimized apps. That and a lack of an official desktop client to organize music and videos and sync it to your device (like iTunes, but for android).
It takes to much time to turn the image in landscape. Its smaller and heavier than Ipad 2. It is too much boring.﻿
With the release of iOS 5 I think Apple will make a huge comeback when pitted against﻿ the Android web browser
selling my ipad﻿ 2 on ebay to get this now that its had more updates
Don't get either go for the﻿ Asus Transformer hands down the best tablet currently available!
ummm hate the keyboard idea, i guess ill﻿ go wit toshiba's thrive :3, full size usb, full size hdmi ports (y)
An iPod and a tablet are two different devices. Besides, the﻿ Xoom's already been replaced.
the asus transformer﻿ is hands down better than the xoom.
The﻿ transformer. Definately.
Or, If you can force out a good $200 and﻿ wait til Q2 for the Transformer Prime with the Nvidia Tegra 3.
im a playbook fan ﻿
@cheezo545 asus prime with its quad core is very nice﻿ and will be relevant for quite some time.
outdated﻿
I have had this since the day its came out, im actually on it right now. I have experienced crashes, lag, random reboots. But this﻿ was my first tablet, I now have 3 other tablets including the new iPad, but this is the one I go on most of all. its amazeballs. Highly recommend this product for anyone.
tablet good﻿ software was bad, but now soft ware is good.
asus transformer prime now thats﻿ what you call a real true tablet!!!!!
Asus transformer pad infinity that's what you call a beast of a tablet I love mine﻿ and is the best tablet out in my opinion
The wifi, sound and camera on my 10.1 Thrive have exactly the same issues. All they did it seems is shrink the screen. My HP Toouchpad running CM 9, ICS blow away my Thrive. Imagine? It just shows how bad Toshiba and HP are for very different reasons. HP for quiting before they even started and Toshiba for making a very mediocre product. Worse yet, the baked a lot of big bloatware﻿ into the ROM so you have to root it to get rid of the junk and reclaim your app space
this sound like a buggy﻿ tablet ... maybe rim made it
Why aren't there Ubuntu tablets out there?﻿ I mean it just makes sense. Anyone agree?
Wish they changed﻿ the design. Looks exactly like my 10 inch.
i had asus my grand pa and my other friend,we bought it because it was cheaper than others.but asus shit cause 2-3 months after broken and battry life goes to 15 minuts. and when we asked asus warranty to fix our﻿ laptops they said we have to pay for postage and delievery our self and + 120$ .for each laptop. fuck asus
fuck off u twat, stop kissing ass ,companys ass are so﻿ big so suck my dogs cock.u fucking twat my i took care of my laptop and asus shit,shit customer service and everything else is shit. ur mum probably working in asus sucking cocks of male staffs
Okay okay okay. Great ad, probably great product. Now for a reality check: What kind of pompous, self involved dumbass would take his gigantic 7" tablet (and keyboard!) EVERYWHERE HE WENT?! They should have stuck to home/school/indoor scenarios, no one takes their tablet SKATEBOARDING, of all things. It's 2011, not only can your cellphone make calls, it can record pretty good video too, and is less likely to get stolen, because it can fit﻿ in your pocket
lol﻿ i dont wanna carry a keyboard. i like my iPad more
I agree with you but the truth is if you can't take a laptop somewhere you probably shouldn't take a tablet either, because the only thing tablets have on laptops is portability. Otherwise they are more underpowered and under-equipped for pretty much anything, while laptops﻿ often rival desktops in processing power and versatility. If the only advantage a tablet has over my cellphone is that it has a bigger screen, i might as well just lug the laptop around. They're not that heavy anymor
Lenovo is﻿ better. Even the ones that are 5+ years old.
iPad was pointless. This is no more useful, although I do﻿ love me some Asus. It's just a shame that people buy tablets. :/
Why keep detaching the keyboard? That's like detaching your penis when﻿ you don't need it.
well, tablets are basically dumbed downed laptops with no keyboards, but touchscreen. If all you fancy is internet surfing and socializing on the go, then i guess a tablet is "okay" if you are willing to pay more for less. The main difference is you can use the tablet more easily while﻿ walking, standing as opposed to a laptop. The tablet that i do have faith in, is the asus tablet with the wacom pen. I see it has potential, just too little hard disk and too much price.
iPad3 Will have this﻿ one
Jack﻿ of all trades...
Wait for them to get a bollocking like Apple. They are using fake﻿ overlays for shots of the device.
after a while you will be asking "mom, have you seen my keyboard?" or "did﻿ you see my screen?" xD
@gamermjs, if you discard the touchscreen and tablet form factor you can choose Asus 1215N ... A 'tad' better﻿ than this ... but not so 'versatile'
FUCK YOU ASUS suck my chocolate balls OF STEEL EVGA NUMBER 1 EVGA NUMBER 1 EVGA NUMBER 1 EVGA NUMBER 1 EVGA NUMBER 1 EVGA NUMBER 1 EVGA﻿ NUMBER 1 EVGA NUMBER 1 EVGA NUMBER 1
Very good tablet.... except that lousy Tegra 2﻿ - That lacks of High profile MPEG4 and NEON technology thereby has performance problems when playing BD Rips, MKVs, DivX HD and even on Flash Video 3.0 , and Citrix HDX, and OnLive and Non-Tegra games...and .... and.......
If i have this tablet but STILL bullied by my friends i blame asus >:(﻿
The Playbook is a great piece of hardware and the OS is smooth as butter. Tom﻿ is right though, it just doesn't offer much in terms of apps. I'm personally just not sold on tablets, yet. I'm hoping that the Windows 8 tablets will change my mind, but we'll just have to see. heh
The Playbook is﻿ a great piece of hardware and the OS is smooth as butter. Tom is right though, it just doesn't offer much in terms of apps. I'm personally just not sold on tablets, yet. I'm hoping that the Windows 8 tablets will change my mind, but we'll just have to see. heh
So basically this is more an ad for Kindle fire :-) with all due respect to the camera, you forgot other things. 1. no 3g connectivity to the fire at all. 2. No microphone so even voice skype is out 3. no world wide﻿ support since amazon app store works in very few countries, and no tom england is not the rest of the world :-) 4. no known way to use current android market purchases in the fire tablet. 5. no known solution for SSL in "silk", and major privacy concerns...
Watched this from﻿ my $99 dollar Touchpad. I still want a Kindle fire. :-P
iPad end of﻿ story
XD awsome, but with production stopped why do people buy them? ﻿
"Almost usless with out a blackberry Phone" I was going to get this for 199$ but that﻿ changes everything
This is indeed a good device, the only reason it is not selling firstly is the price point, features are lacking, poor app world content from RIM, cold war era phones and OS... and the BIGGEST OF ALL??? RIM LOST ITS GOODWILL with most of its customers cause of poor service and old-school blackberry phones... Goodwill is the BIGGEST and most priceless asset for any business. You loose it and you are pretty much done. It﻿ doesn't matter what you do...if it is gone it is gone.
the﻿ playbook is garbage can't even compare to ipad 2
Despite what the media has been saying about the playbook, its actually not a bad tablet. It fits nicely into my inside coat pocket, and is easily transportable unlike the Ipad. I﻿ wouldn't pay $499 for the Playbook but when its being offered at $199 on sale, the price can't be beat. It may not offer as many apps, but then again how many apps do you really need to live?
this shit﻿ blackberry don't even got an email client.useless.
The Playbook is junk. I have one and is a brick. No email, NO Skype, NO Netflix, NO Hulu, NO Kindle﻿ reader, NO Nook reader, it took these people a year to finally come out with an email app. We are going to get it next month, yes finally. Good luck with the Android Apps, it took them a year for email so maybe in two years you will get something. Angry Birds for the Playbook $5.00, Angry Birds for Android $1.00. Just buy an Android or an IPad.
I wonder.. the kindle fire lacks a camera etc, but it will likely have better app support, and a﻿ screen which isn't plagued by pixel problems.
The Playbook is dead(useless)﻿ I have one but I do not have a Blackberry phone, also NO Skype, NO Netflix, NO Hulu and get this still in 2012 no email. They told us last year that we would have email by now but nothing yet. Do not waste your money on this brick just get an Android tablet or an IPad or even a Kindle Fire and you are good to go out of the box.
My playbook﻿ is used as a door jam.
Erm, I actually own the Playbook and giving honest views on my own experience. Playbooks screen resolution is 1024x600, that is not "True HD" inthe slightest. It can play HD content but it is not a Full HD device. Videos can look nice on it, my main gripe with it is as I said, pixel problems on dark screens I can see a splattering of light pixels on the right side to center. Now with the 2.0 upgrade and still waiting for more apps to make it worth using﻿ over a phone.
thanks. i'll have a look for this dark spot. i don't do apps. i just need some email service when i'm in asia. which does standard wifi for free everywhere so it's perfect. lack of skype is my only real big complaint so far. and linking it﻿ to my pc is turning into a nightmare. but it runs quick and looks sweet
The screen is indeed amazing, but 'true' HD﻿ is 1080p
Im just dissapointed that it can't play netflix. but that's really the only thing i don't like﻿ about it.
good review. Thanks chief! ... really﻿ wish it had 3G
best review, to﻿ every detail....but i'm sad there is no 3g for this :(
best review, to every detail....but﻿ i'm sad there is no 3g for this :(
Cool﻿ but is never get it.
@c4maniac why would it, first its a tablet... but with a built in keyboard and ability to mimic a netbook, wich both dont have one... ya it would be cool, but it would most likley be at least inches thick if it had one... and substantially﻿ more expensive
Annoying how you can't﻿ toggle the task bar thing off. So easy to hit it accidentally.
only thing this﻿ is missing is 3g, but you can get the internet stick for about 7 euros/month. just like carrying usb stick around. not hard ;)
it doesn't even﻿ have 3g
why i hate android is coz no unicode support...shame on android.﻿
Asus should have made the dock to be able﻿ to hold memory, and hard drive capacity. it would really make this tablet stand out.
I hate capacitive﻿ screens... Windows + capcitives = fail
Do you know if Asus has patched all the bugs and stuff? I﻿ know its a miss or hit in most cases, but I don't want to upgrade the OS to ICS and have crashes and stuff.
Our unit with the latest ICS updates has no issues related to the hardware itself. Any crashes that happen seem to be due to apps behaving badly. The more popular apps are all stable, but some of the less﻿ frequently updated ones can have problems. But again, not the fault of the device. If ASUS pledges support for 4.1 Jelly Bean, then this tablet is a no brainer at the prices it is clearing out for.
I have gotten this tablet in november 2011, it had some problems here and there with the social media app keep force closing﻿ but its fixed now :)..the best thing i love about this tablet is that i can use it as a universal remote
This came out too late﻿
I wonder how much better android devices would be if they actually cared about the﻿ software a bit more...oh well, by the time android gets that figured out, apple would have started another party that android would be a few years late to...
Seriously? My iPhone has a faster upload/download speed and better ping on a 3G network. No really it does have﻿ a better network.
Agreed! iOS and WP7 Mango are way better.﻿
I﻿ am getting sick of tablets -___-
@shdxc the xoom media is smaller and specializes in as its name says it﻿ media
No SD card?!﻿ Come on Motorola.
have only 2 touchs on﻿ the screen?
There is now and Jelly Bean CM10 for slim S7,everything works exept camera and so﻿ much faster then original firmare.
like the look of it, doubt it will rival﻿ the ipad though
Too bad it doesn't have working GPS like promised and I wouldn't have returned mine. I'll probably still buy one﻿ in the future once RIM has that figured out as it's a great little tablet.
It is a great tablet but the main problem is its os... If they included android, that would be﻿ awsome
but I heard there﻿ is no apps like skype, viber etc.... they are present in android or iOS
I always believed it had a GPS, just not working. Was actually﻿ told by RIM there was NO GPS. Sad they don't know their own products. So you had yours working with programs like Google Maps?
Its such﻿ a shame that is has no 3g. They had to add GSM and Sms. Little bit more premium apps than this would be the best tablet ever
Copyed WebOS﻿ sucks balls
@live4theEndPS3 If the Playbook had more app. support then yeah, it would be better then the iPad. However, App World is horrible and there's very little use for this device unless you have a BlackBerry phone.﻿ I mean, you can't even watch Netflix on the Playbook. I returned mine after 3 days of testing.
got this today reduced from 399 to 169 originally had archos arnova budget tablet for christmas but that broke within an hour so went to take back and saw this one and am ecstatic although i do think the original 399﻿ price was too much for what it was as the apps are a little limited
Can any owners please tell me﻿ what the point of the 'clock app' is on this blackberry playbook? Users can choose different clock faces, analog or digital displays, but cant pin the clock to desktop like any gadget. You can't even use it as a novelty photo-frame clock, So what's the point of it? There's already a digital display on the DT. Checked out crackB forums / answerbag etc, no answer on this. Thanks for reading folks, hope for an answer :-z
If you sold your IPad you are shit out of luck. With﻿ the Playbook there is NO Skype, No Netflix, NO Hulu, NO email, NO Kindle reader, NO Nook reader, Angry Birds for the Playbook $5.00, Angry Birds for Android $1.00. Yes, the Playbook is so much better. I have a Playbook and let me tell you buy any other tablet. Do not waste your money on a Playbook.
why cant they make a﻿ tablet thar you can conect usb memories?
You can call me names but did you read all the reviews about the new 2.0? You need to do that. I have a Nook tablet,﻿ a Kindle Fire, a Toshiba 7 tablet and two IPads so I'm not a fanboy. I really wanted the Playbook to succeed but where are all the new apps from Android? RIM killed a good tablet not me. Please read the new and old reviews, so sad but the Playbook is dead even at $200. RIM could of had a killer tablet but they chose to do a bad job. Have fun with your Playbook.
I have one of the Kogan 7" tablets and it's brilliant! When it comes to bang for buck it just can't be beaten. Of there are a few 'issues' such e.g. no Bluetooth and a pretty shabby battery life of around 3 hours at full tilt. Even so, for the price... nothing matches it. At the very *least* you'll be trying out a 7" format to be able to decide if the﻿ screen is large enough for you to use (which I'd say it is) without shelling out hundreds of dollars for something that in the end you don't use!
Well, yeah :)) It "IS" kind of awkward :D When I see people using their GNotes at﻿ the subway... gee.
"Best spec'd phone﻿ on the planet" yeah for about 1 femtosecond
I﻿ just don't see the point of this device
This phone is pathetic, who buys this crap? It is so big...people are going﻿ to look rally stupid whit it!
So your﻿ only gripe is about it's size. Cause ya know, personal preference doesn't matter, and your opinion about it's size is completely right.
The﻿ best Android smartphone until next month when a even better phone comes out! HAHA!!!
GTA 3 on this is﻿ sick
Wow it's Tab mini! Love﻿ the﻿ hardware, tolerate the Android.
Wow, through that entire nearly 17 minute video it remained 2:23 for over 8 minutes, yet the smaller﻿ Android clock in the top right got it right, so a TouchWiz fail for Samsung there
Still not big enough for me but﻿ almost there
Nah, I'm gonna stick with my 4,3"﻿ android and get a 10" windows 8 tablet next year :)
I think a phone that﻿ big is stupid. 4 inch is all I'll go.
touchwiz + ics = :( it sucks the widgets arent in﻿ the app tray, there's no shortcuts in lockscreen, the launcher is the same, no google search bar that stays in the same place. At least there is the nice ics multitasking. you can always root and get cynomogen 9 or beta 1.1 and get an ics expierance
A lot of clock fail on that phone. The widget clock isn't the same as the status bar clock in the second﻿ half of the video.
what about﻿ the games on this? Oh yes, it's running Android :(
Meh thats tooooo big﻿ for me 4.3 -4.5 MAX
agree!! too﻿ bad android sucks!!! :]
wayyy﻿ to big.
anyone else want this to﻿ have a wifi versiom
when you compared it to the iphone﻿ my jaw dropped. holy crap that is huge!!
Screen is way to big for me 3.5 - 4.3 inches is﻿ the sweet spot for me :P
Toooooo Big...﻿
On Android 2.2 and 2.3, you should NOT manually close applications. Due to the architecture of Android, the device automatically opens applications that are frequently used and closes those that have not been used in "x"﻿ amount of time. With this, manually closing applications negatively affects both battery life and performance, as you're manually closing applications and reopening those that you use frequently.
this phone is way﻿ too big
shitty device﻿
I can tell that apples gona sue them cuz next to the iPhone it looked like﻿ its big twin
That shit is a fucking tablet man! Is tooooo﻿ BIG!!!
Pure crap. Android sucks anyway. It has no pretty or useful apps like iOS and I bet GTA 3 doesn't even work on this﻿ lololol POS.
to big my gs2 is big﻿ enough
Looks like a very promising new phone for sure, but when I google search the phone the only carrier that comes up with is AT&T wtf? Why and how does AT&T get all of the new awesome cell phones,﻿ but has the worse reception ever and just horrible customer service known to man keep getting these phones.
Really good specs ang built quality compared to other phones out now, this is the best. But for me, the form﻿ factor isn't right. I need to type with one hand. Can't do it with this though so I got the sgs2. Just right.
this phone is no where near as cool as﻿ an iphone.
Damn why it﻿ doesn't come in red(Verizon)...lol
I think its﻿ a ridicules size it's just too big to be a phone.
white color on amoled looks little blue﻿
I never had any of the previous iPhone's I had always been an android fan... I had this phone for a while before that the GS 2 before that the GS, I got the iPhone 4s﻿ last week and it's great! it does everything I want it to and more! I don't know why I never went with apple... big mistake choosing android.
i'd stick with galaxy﻿ nexus
I love samsung phones i just HATE android!!!! i﻿
Great phone but not﻿ for me
It's a great phone, full of﻿ features, but I can't afford it right now.
Right when you say it's﻿ all fast, it lags horribly hah. Too big for a phone, might as well get a tablet.
Good video - terrible phone﻿ :)
to make screen﻿ looks prettier?
This phone looks so good.. So why do I still want﻿ an iPhone?
IM IN LOVE WITH THE UK VERSION BUT...........THE AT&T VERSION BUTON LAYOUT UGH﻿ I DONT NEED A SEARCH BUTTON WHY & I WANT THAT STYLISH HOME BUTTON UGH
I would swop this phone for my iPhone 4s, but I think it would be﻿ impractical for me to carry round in my pocket.
I decided to wait for MWC until i buy a new﻿ phone with Normal Screen size!
Waaaaayyyyy too﻿ big.
HTC TITAN﻿ FTW
samsung﻿ wave 2 >> 4 ever
It's just to big, I mean shit, I can't ever imagine getting anything bigger﻿ than my Galaxy Nexus
The﻿ whites appear blue, typical of Samsung.
Man this looks like a monster for me,﻿ and I use HTC's Sensation. And I thought it was big... :/
Lol,﻿ not 4G LTE...
This phone(tablet)﻿ cannot fit in my skinny leg jeans!!
lol so weird right...soooo old school. steve jobs said that styluses are hard to use﻿ and is easier to touch
I rather get﻿ the galaxy s2
the Sony Xperia S is better than﻿ this pos.
Android is just a copycat mobile OS built for cheapskates. Other than that, there isn't much else to be said about it. Vendors must vomit out about dozen Android smartphone models a month and nearly all are forgotten in a matter of weeks. Most are manufactured and﻿ go directly to landfill in months. The iPhone 3GS will probably still be used another year from now while hundreds of Android smartphone are born and die on the store shelves. Merely a waste of cheap plastic.
I wish it didn't have﻿ a stylus because i know I'll probably loose it
I still don't get why people have to talk about other's phones! I look at this one, but i gone for the iPhone 4S, for one reason: like Jon said, it's never a good time to buy an Android! Next week or next month will be a new Android and this will be past! At least i'm happy for a year or so! But if you buy this one, i think it's a good phone! But﻿ don't talk about other people's choices!
I'm girl﻿ nd I like to wear skinny jeans, this phone obviously can't fit in my pocket.
for now.﻿ Wait the iPhone 5 and then we'll see.
you tricked me lol i was like wow this guy is really thinking about it, my﻿ contracted ended and im tryna get this phone but damn 300 bucks
You don't have Steve Jobs, Samsung has the market on lockdown, good luck. Especially with﻿ the quadcore coming this summer.
too big﻿ to be a phone and to small to be a tablet! Feel free its Galaxy note -_-
the first android phone that makes me wanna switch﻿ from my iphone, but I know I won't be able to use an iphone after that HUGE screen
The bottom line is...android has amazing devices. But the issue of fragmentation bothers me...meaning one phone might have 4.0 meanwhile yours might have 2.3...went from apple...to an Evo an loved it!!!!! But apple is way more stable and uniform.....sorry boys.﻿
i have the skyrocket now i want the note but idk﻿ i just think is a big really big phone and i always use skinny jeans :/ but it is my dream phonee :)
the﻿ big center clock stayed at 2:23 through most of the video.lol. plus I dont understand how it has the best processor yet it still choppy flipping through the screens. android fail
just screen and flash player other then that iphone 4s is﻿ better
@oris8085 let me list the things the iPhone 4s has that﻿ are better than the note
@oris8085﻿ let me list the things the iPhone 4s has that are better than the note 1. Casing design2.nothing 3.nothing
Too big. Clearing﻿ the memory regularly for optimum performance and battery life is a pain. Too plasticky. Although the display looks amazing. That's pretty much it. I'm sticking with the iphone. Hopefully, the ip5 offers a bigger screen. I'd be satisfied with a 4.0 display, not bigger than 4.3.
iPhone﻿ wayy better
Iphone beats﻿ it
put an otterbox on it and your going to need﻿ a backpack
android, i'll pass i'll go for htc titan 2 rather than crapdroid﻿
why the fk would you want that its huge looks like it would a pain carrying﻿ it.
ps vitas screen﻿ is better
iPhone﻿ >
xperia﻿ s higher specs!!
Little mount﻿ of RAM
I'm gonna wait for the S3, this phone﻿ is wayyy too big for me.
Nah did a bit of research and s2 is faster better screen, and contracts﻿ are better
I loved the phone but it was huge for daily pocket use. I traded it for a skyrocket... basically the same phone without the s pen﻿
Well windows phones are more smoother but are very limited and useless cameras. Go for something like the galaxy s3 since the note will be too big. I think the note is huge myself coming﻿ from the htc one x 4.7 inch
I'm a little﻿ bit confused. GS2 or this one. In some other videos, Notes are little laggy..
Oh, I mean, I've watched and read on some articles that sometimes, the Note have some lags on scrolling (home screen, web﻿ browsing etc).
WHY IS IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO EXPENSIVE?﻿ (£550) I REALLY WANT IT!!!!!!!!!!!
Android OS on Apple﻿ quality device!
This would be the ideal work tablet because it lacks a rear facing camera which I don't need. That being said, it﻿ should definitely be at least 75-100 dollars cheaper than a comparible tablet with a camera. Are you listening Acer. Don't fuck up the pricing or you will fail.
fail, hand gestures and display reaction are not﻿ syncron...
the screen on the a200 is better, the battery life is about the same, the Archos has a faster processor, the Acer is less "buggy". you can find the Archos for $275 on sale at times, the Acer is $329 i think. You cant go wrong with either. I went with the Archos and I dont regret﻿ it.
the a200 has a tegra﻿ 2 btw :p
I refuse to buy a archos 101 G9 Turbo or any other tablet for that matter until they start being﻿ sold with built in dvd drives?
no i havent but i got﻿ the nexus 7 and so far its great can pretty much everygame
Do your self a favor and﻿ don't bau it.
Everyone please check problem﻿ related to archos 101 g9 screen problems
nice tablet﻿ but it sounds abit cheap like with the materials used to build it
i have ipad 2 n i think﻿ its not worth to buy this one... deff waiting for something newer !!
how much do apple pay﻿ these people to say nice things about a tab which is out of date already compared to other tabs
I dont understand all these company's interests in portable gaming. Sony with their new PSP or whatever and all the tablet makers. Years ago I thought of this time in the future being full of amazing games and graphics. Instead we are stuck playing games on small﻿ screens with our fingers obscuring graphics that seem to be from 5 years ago on a regular console.
Really if you have an ipad2 whats the point? Who also walks﻿ around videoing with a pad anyway so again whats the point? I also dont use my ipad saying " damn its slow" so again whats the point?Nothing redefining here just more of the same.
@flangmasterj Its not something i needed to get off my chest as they say, just my observations. I was hoping﻿ for more from the Ipad 3 as i do like apple products. I will however now wait and look towards Samsung or some of the newer pads coming out and possibly make the switch. Thanks for your concern though its appreciated.
I have no issue with the old screen at all. Its not enough to make me ditch the old pad and buy this one. Instead I will wait for something better to come out from any producer. I dont think apple have done themselves any great service buy releasing something so laclustre. Perhaps thats why they havent called it﻿ the IPAD 3 rather a "New Ipad"
Thumps up for Apple﻿ is shit
@LookMaNoBrains So let me get this straight, you think because of a higher resolution screen and updated software for garage band (that i dont use) I should spend $1000 Australian to buy another Ipad? Mmmmm thats about as tempting as getting a tattoo that says " I love Steve﻿ Jobs " on my forehead. Sorry if you already have one.
Just a thought, but i don't think they were﻿ shooting to convince iPad 2 owners to upgrade. There are millions of potential customers who have not purchased an iPad yet, so their first iPad being this new one seems more appealing than the iPad 2. Probably in a year or two the iPad will have evolved enough that an iPad 2 owner would upgrade, but thats not really the case this year. This is what I think apple is doing =)
What﻿ the F#CK, their is no Siri :(
piece of﻿ shit, apple rip off, even though i have 4S and macbook pro haha
meh on this one﻿ apple :(
iPad 3 Miss SomeThing,,,,,,,,,Steve Job's﻿
Matt you are probably correct, marketing is marketing however and when apple pitch it as "redefining" and "groundbreaking" I think it falls far short of those words.﻿ As a first pad purchase however I would totally agree with your comments.
Not enough to update from 2 to 3 considering the price﻿
it﻿ looks like laggy..?? why?
and what's the point of having bluetooth 4.0 if you can't even send files to other devices openly and without use of a 3rd-party app. the "new" ipad is even slightly heavier & bulkier. only good points: Retina display and "improved" camera. negligible if you don't﻿ use your iPad every minute of the day.
And oh i forgot to mention. the apps and games are either 1. not fully optimised﻿ for the retina display and 2. the apps & games are now twice (yes..that's right!) the size when installed for some reason. if you're a die-hard fan go get the 32GB instead. the 16GB is almost useless. just a friendly advice:-)
its a shame though, apps that have﻿ been optimized for the ipads retina display such as imovie and iwork have almost tripled in size, the imovie app which was 70mb is now 440mb!!!!
wtf﻿ , more weight, more battery capacity, more﻿ THICK , more core, what exactly this IPAD, laptop or tabletPC ..? why they made 5MP without flash. >>?? that's RidiculouS, !!
wtf﻿ , more weight, more battery capacity, more THICK﻿ , more core, what exactly this IPAD, laptop or tabletPC ..? why they made 5MP without flash. >>?? that's RidiculouS, !!
let me see, the ''New'' iPad is.....heavier, 1mm thicker, takes longer to charge, and there is no facetime with its 4G lte.... oh yah and gets hot in the﻿ bottom left corner after prolonged use. If you have an iPad 2 keep it and wait for the next one. Cuz this sucks ballz
Its an upgrade yes....its better yes....its like the 4 to the 4s, the 4s is﻿ better but not better by much. Not good enough
The new Hype﻿ Pad
watch...from here on out all apple products are going to suck! Lets wait﻿ and see... tomorrow 8:00 a.m
Apple devices﻿ never have flaws. (Even if the ipad gets heavier and thicker people think its good.)
still behind android manufacturers.﻿
I﻿ keep my ipad2
i dont need a retina display. i dont need A5, cuz its not﻿ a gaming console,i dint need a 5 mb camera because ipad is too big to be a camera.i dont need a thicker and heavier ipad cuz iipad 2 is enough
i got ipad2 i would not spend 600 hundred dollars on the same thing the only﻿ things that make them apart is the camera and slightly better resalution.
LOL really?Then why﻿ did Apple have to give a thousand of free protections for iPhone4 to solve the issue of losing signal?Apple is garbage.
I like the iphone4s but somehow﻿ i dont like this
WOW this is the biggest waste of money EVER. Only dumb asses would spend money on a new iPad when pretty much all they have done﻿ is add updates... fuuuuuck that
Apple lost A LOT of ideas since Steve Jobs passed﻿ away. The made the iPhone 4S & iPad 3 Without Steve and there bullshit! Nothing but A FEW tweaks !
Dont get it their announcing the﻿ ipad4 tommorow
People are actually spending $700+ a year for this shit... wtf thats close to $60 dollars a month for basically﻿ the same device with VERY minor upgrades, and I thought the economy was bad.
How the FUCK is the jump from 16GB to 32GB $100? This is a $8 dollar upgrade via a microSD card. Apple really fucks their customers... really living up to that scumbag﻿ Steve Jobs, who was an arrogant, selfish prick. I own an iPad, and I like it, but JESUS FUCKING CHRIST Android is killing them right now.
This iPad is a terrible and﻿ noncompetitive move. The changes are so miniscule, that even the slightest blotch of information will convert a fanboy away from Apple, except of course, those in denial. I can't believe... only two cores, only a 5MP camera. That's extremely pathetic.
Fuck apple and﻿ all their over priced bullshit....android ftw by a clear mile niggaz
what kind of people buy this piece of shit??? what is that?? not even a computer, more like a toy, big enough to﻿ make you look stupid. C'mon man seriously who needs this shit?? whats going on with the world these days??
at least i can make phone calls with my android phone...go shove your ipad toy﻿ up your ass..i bet it will fit perfectly
This﻿ should only appeal to people without an ipad already...no point in upgrading ..the screen in ipad2 more than does the job
Overpriced Apple sh*t, as﻿ usual....
I can't believe people are buying Ipads. I wish they realized that next year, a new one is going to come out, and it's going to be exponentially﻿ better than this one. Same thing with the Iphone
Some people (like me) are in love with siri, but they can't get an iphone 4s, because the service cost﻿ to much. Some people (like me), spend 1 hour to just find out if it has siri, then we go from smiling, to crying. lol. But @apple , really? I am not going to wait, till next year, just because i want siri! Siri is a stupid thing to be mad about, i know. But some people (not just me) LOVE SIRI. Next year, to long! Ipad4 Should have SIRI!!! Please make this possible!
Nice bit of equipment...BUT why would you get rid of ipad 2 just for this? The ipad 2 within﻿ itself is still a fantastic bit of kit.
Looks nice but I don't get﻿ why they call it "the new ipad" instead of the ipad 3
i dont see anything significantly better than the ipad 2... not worth an upgrade﻿ at all
amd it still﻿ doesnt have flash -____-
Is it just me, or is this product very disappointing??!!﻿ Apple is nothing without Jobs
This isn't even close to being worth as much as﻿ it costs. Maybe apple should stop pulling absolute shit out of their asses and invent something to bring Steve Jobs back to life.
@FloppyBaby Actually no, Android is not killing them. People LOVE the iPad. And I do agree that the $100 dollar jump just for doubling the storage is a little steep. They should only makes it 25 or 50 bucks more. Android is a good competitor, but they aren't "killing" the iPad. The iPad is being used more in schools now as a learning tool, because both students and teachers love them. iPads are everywhere... I have a first gen iPad, and﻿ I plan to upgrade to the new iPad.
Ho Hum.... The other upcoming Android tablets﻿ should spank it.
Ipad2 is the﻿ best
I'm a mac user, but need windows to work, and what we have here, still no possibility of virtualising windows (unless you have a 4G connection, you virtualise windows in icloud, but it's not convenient at all ! ) also no USB no﻿ SD card reader no mini port ! I'll never buy an ipad, maybe for 100$ only, will use as a photo storage device, but not 700$! Will stick to my macbook air !
still﻿ glossy ? hmmm
I hope for﻿ every minute,﻿ every hour and every day you use and enjoy it that you know someone in Asia was paid a﻿ lousy $1.70 an hour to make﻿ it, who works 14+ hours a day spends 70 cents of that wage per hour to pay for their only meal a day and who lives in a cramped dorm, and only took the job to avoid a declining agricultural life, lack of other wise good paying jobs apart from prostitution, petty crime and drugs.
''So, what're we gonna do?'' ''I think﻿ it'd be a GREAT idea to just take the old iPad, and improve 1 feature, whilst making it heavier, and then selling it full price.'' ''Wow! Sounds great! But would the customer buy into that?'' ''Eh, they're idiots.'' ''Oh yeah.''
So, 3 improvements to sell an old product full price. Still a damn good﻿ business strategy.
Hmm except its not 4 times as much and the new chip is only to keep up with the retina display as for the camra fair enogh for those who want to hold super expensive pices of glass up , ill stick with my ipad2 thanks (﻿ most bias preview)
I don't think you know what that means beyond simple linear multiplication CRT monitors can do exactly what this ipad is doing, providing "vivid" colors to the eye some people still use Cathode Ray tubes﻿ because they provide a superior image quality over digital displays What apple did with "retina" displays is nothing new at all, it is not revolutionary
why they dont add flash﻿
Im not sure﻿ they are on good terms with the makers of Flash because if they were they would have added it a long time ago, that one of the only down sides to apple then fact that they dont have Flash
I can't believe people stood in line for days peeing in adult diapers to get their hands on this thing...I went to futureshop looked at the new iPad and iPad 2 side﻿ by side, and could not spot no differences what so ever...some of the picture were slightly sharper and warmer, but this is not a landslide breakthrough here.
Someone give me a reason to buy this thing...because I﻿ can't find it...
It's simple, go and buy Tablet PC with extended battery and you will get everything, all the games, apps, office, 11 hours battery life.... So, what is the﻿ purpose to buy iPad? to watching photo? movie? magazine? How lazy you are XP
no hdmi out, no removable memory, no widescreen aspect ratio = fail﻿ imo
When will APPLE IMPROVE ON THIS?? iTunes still required for uploading most of the content Reflective screen struggles outdoors Same CPU as the iPad 2 Heavier and thicker than the iPad 2 No Flash support in the web browser No standard USB port Non replaceable battery No stereo loudspeakers No GPS receiver in the Wi-Fi version No memory﻿ card slot No Siri Can get uncomfortably hot at times No charging while in use Lack of basic iOS apps - weather, stocks, clock, calculator, voice memos
the camera of ipad 2﻿ stinks as hell... i even had to go to the store where i bought it and they told me the ipad was like that. i fucking hate apple people.. im never going to buy something of apple ever again...
Yup...agree with you. It just great for a brand "Apple" not the﻿ function. The function is still low than Android's user...erm. No usb? what the...
totally agree dude, apple is only selling products cause of its intense marketing, the product is shit, android tablets or other tablets do more, work better and last longer, or yh its beautiful but not the inside, the chip is old and its by samsung, samsung on the otherhand dont use this chip cause they know it aint better﻿ than their snapdragons and other likes
yeah but i alredy have ipad 2. i dont﻿ need another ipad which costs double than what ipad 2 costs. for that, i can buy myself a camara of 8 megapixels at $100 which i have it :)
screw this waste﻿ of money
Fuck this﻿ shit!!! Nokia 3310 is the mother of god
Why does all the Ipad apps look﻿ like stretched out iphone/ipod apps?
the camera is a garbage, without﻿ flash is not better than nothing, better luck for the next
wow new feature hd screen WOW..... hd has only been available for the last couple of﻿ years on other devices. WHAT A RIP OFF
MY 2 YEAR OLD PHONE﻿ HAS A BETTER CAMERA.
meanwhile still no flash :( crippled browser﻿ much? my nook tablet can do flash -_-
ipad 3? i call it ipayed﻿ 700$ for﻿ the same overpriced tablet
Im an avid Apple user, and I absolutely adore my Ipad, but it really was a huge mistake for Jobs to not even include a stinking manual... Now let me say I am IMMENSELY tech savvy, and﻿ do everything from scripting, design, to hardware repair. But this site I stumbled upon literally showed me things I would have NEVER even known were possible with my Ipad. Do yourself a favor and check it out, it's well worth your time: everyipadsecret.info
okay so im hearing alot a out the camara and great graphics blah blah but whats happening with the battery, heat and wi-fi problems..?﻿
I have decided to upgrade from my BlackBerry PlayBook to iPad 2. My reasons are that:- realistically, it will take many months before websites are optimised to reveal the true value of the retina display. No A6 processor (?) The iPad 2 weighs less and unlike iPad 3, does not take 7 hours to charge! There are now reported overheating and WiFi issues. In my opinion, Apple has taken one﻿ step forward, then two steps backward. Will iPad 2013 deliver the full package - somehow, I doubt it!
Yes,but i love my﻿ iPad 2! <3
lol 1080p﻿ hd isn't enough anymore ^^
battery drains faster﻿ as horse race.
iphone 4s﻿ camera pwned ipad 3 camera
I recently bought an iPad 2, even with the choice of the 3. The retina display is the main selling point,﻿ but it's nullified by the terrible battery life (discharges faster than charging), noticeable extra weight, extra thickness and considerably hotter running temperature. Basically, you have to REALLY like the retina display or the processor because you give up so much in terms of comfort and realism.
u mean i-pad 2 has better battery life??...plz reply i﻿ need 2 know!! :)
The added resolution simply causes the a5x to work harder to display all those pixels, which in turn causes it to use more energy, which in turn causes it to use it's battery more quickly and get hot. They tried to push the a5x to compete with other tablets, but it's just not ready. And with no ventilation, it's even worse off. It's junk in contrast to what people considered "well made". It's a poorly thought out﻿ design. As usual, apple is over rated, yet prestige seekers never learn
I can't﻿ stand retards like you who find their way on to YouTube and blather on with ridiculous and baseless comments like yours. If you read anything other than the bullshit Apple is force feeding you about the iPad 3, in other words any review regarding its battery life, you would know that the A5X processor makes it run hotter and last less. I don't give two shits about the iPad camera because I have a DSLR. Also, it's "you're." Go back to school, kid, you need it.
Explain why the fuck I would want to use an iPad for playing video games when I have a 1000 dollar gaming PC I﻿ built? Again, it's "you're", learn the difference, retard.
i heard that the 4G thing﻿ don't work in sweden is that true?
The Apple iPad is still too expensive, but recently I added the Apple Magic Tract Pad, which works almost the same way. My Apple Mac Book is a little bit older, as I had just updated the O/S to Lion and it﻿ does so much more. For spending the money on an iPad, it must allow me to do the same as on my Mac Book. But I am not spending that much money on an expensive toy. I love the iPad, but it is still too high in pricce
Piece of useless junk. Send it back﻿ to China.
apple just make money off of this shit. they could have built an ihone 4 10 years ago!! THIS IS FACT! -.- why dont they put in a 8 mP cam...the fuck? 0o do they release ipad﻿ 4 with 8mP cam next year. pshh fuck yall @ apple ^^
i HATE apple !﻿
It still has that ugly black bar at﻿ the top!!
This thing is the most stupidest thing apple﻿ have ever done the same thing every year not buying this keeping my ipad 2 im getting a galaxy tab sick of o.s apple starting to suck honey comb wayy better
Apple annoys the shit outta me they only﻿ upgrade their products with like 5 things! i think they could have added more things especially Siri, i bet they'll put it in the ipad 4
beleive me if steve jobs was here it would be MUCH better !!﻿ good job steve job
The iPad 3 is cool but personally i'd just get the iPad 2. It's﻿ cheaper and does pretty much the same thing.
Not really.﻿ If you want to take videos, better off getting a camcorder or the ipod touch 4th gen. or maybe even wait for the rumored ipad mini.
ipad 3 is shit.﻿ the battery takes so long to charge. its unreal. it takes like a day when not using it
@pp2devane I dont have a deffective ipad you dumbass, everyone i know has got the same﻿ problem
iPad﻿ 4 FTW!
does the dock battery﻿ still drain when it's attached to the tablet in sleep mode?
sorry, but being an hybrid between a tab﻿ and a netbook is simply a joke. at that price...you buy an ipad PLUS a netbook. android can't work as a serious OS as mac os or win. simply there's game over, a netbook will be a netbook, and a tab a tab..for now. as a tab..yes, it's slightly better than other androids....and against ipad it's got flash plugin, usb and SD...but it's worth use apps that are not specifically programmed on the item you use? and a poor shop
yeah you can't work with android, for now! But Ice Cream Sandwich came today? or yesterday!﻿
@nom: ipad2 480 + 200 netbook is 700 bucks. 499 + 140 is still 650 bucks... but prime doesn't do better than them both. and today with 230 bucks you get a n570 atom proc (600pts benchmark! it''s fast and smooth to﻿ do basic activity)
funny how i found the old﻿ keyboard of transformer is more sexy....
I heard the tablet tends to weigh more than the dock, so when it is plugged in it will fall back, is that true ? has it happened to you at all ? Thanks ﻿
krak﻿ core.
Thanks for﻿ copying Apple....Again...
Honestly I think both colors are dumb. I want real﻿ grey or black or maybe white but not silver/purple
Is it possible to get windows for this? Because i'm not so stoked for﻿ using Android...
I tried buying the TF101 months ago as I wanted a portable ebook reader/video player/workstation/wordprocessor/web broswer with good battery life and portability. Sadly when I got it the TF101 could barely play video files and would skip large chunks frames. Then there was the power issues. It would take multiple tries to get the unit to start up and shut down. And when connected to the docking station it wouldn't start up at all. I﻿ sent it back very disappointed.Has the TF201fixed these issues?
Nice review, but there has been a lot of noise about the WiFi and the GPS being faulty/completely inoperable. Could you take a look into it? There's been a lot of talk about it on xda﻿ forums, however ASUS seems to be ignoring the issue.
I'd like to have one for quick reports. I never had computers smaller than 13". That one hardly fits my coat pocket, but I hope the Transformer﻿ Prime would fit in there easily. Just to make sure, the Prime is 10,1", or 10"?
why﻿ is no one selling this!!!
just because its a bit thinner and lighter it still isint worth to buy it with all the problems﻿ that it has not reading the serial no. and who cares if it is less difficult to take it out of the dock at least the original is more secure and won't fall out of you hand when you take it out.
Watchout if you want one. The wifi, blue thoot and GPS sucks balls more then everything. There's a lot of people who﻿ are in the same case.
ASUS firware upgrade bricked my TF201 and during RMA process they "lost" it for over 3 weeks. ﻿ Service SUCKS.
who carries around﻿ three godforsaken tablets?!
Was very happy with my asus transformer prime tf201 for the﻿ past two weeks....till today...it died!!! :(((
he never did mention the﻿ prime's hardware issues lol bad gps, wifi and bad BT go figure XD
Thanks for the review, but despite first impressions, this is a terrible piece of equipment. It is﻿ liable to develop large cracks across the screen. If you use it with the docking station then a lot of pressure is put on the screen by the hinges, and it just develops a big crack down the screen. Lots of people have complained of the same problem, and ASUS customer service have been really slow and incredibly unhelpful at resolving it. DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT, IT IS BAD VALUE FOR MONEY!
I am so﻿ shamed...Is this best one LG could think? Wake up...and Listen to customer's voice...Plz
The dell﻿ streak 5 is almost exactly the same,and was invented 2 years ago!
i would sooo get this, if it didnt have the phone part.....﻿ darnit samsung!
i'm sorry but﻿ why would anyone want such a HUGE screen to carry around.
I love how it costs the same as an iphone but lasts 10x less and is glitchy on menuscreen after a week﻿
no,the﻿ best smartphone of 2011 is iPhone 4s.
To big to be a﻿ phone. To small to be a taplet. Good for picture use.
Don't...﻿ You'll probably be better off getting the Acer Iconia tablet.
i﻿ wish this had a 10 inch screen :(
nice tablet .. was looking forward to getting one .. but i am spoiled .. 10" inch screen once you watch movies and view web pages on 10" screen, it's hard to go to 7" screen .. side note, there is only one USB Port , yes it does everything (transfer files, hdmi, ect ) .. i perfer separate ports rather than an﻿ ALL IN ONE PORT .. if something happens to the port on this tablet, that would suck .. overall, if i didn't already have a tablet , i would probably get this one . I LIKE MY XOOM !
The flash-enabled browser looked laggy and the screen would flash every time he﻿ pinched. Didn't look smooth at all. HTC Sense is getting really gross, those widgets are now as big and offensive as Dell's Stage UI. HTC is overdoing it with the customizations. Also fails to mention the pen isn't included with the tablet and costs $80 extra.
its cool but i didnt really see anything that made me want to buy it, the touch interface and everything that he done is on the newer android phones, and they are phones aswell. plus﻿ its not big enough. i'll stick to my ipad2.
single core, but faster than﻿ a dualcore one??? i don't think so. you dont make sense dude
anyone looking for a 7inch tablet. go for google nexus 7.﻿ the best out there.
i had one for a year, and it died﻿ on me after the ICS update... good little tablet for short term use but dont expect it to hold up!!
shitty thing﻿
I love HTC but this is going to be such﻿ a flop. It doesnt even seem to work that good. Oversized phone.
so﻿ overpriced!!!!!!!!!!!
not pressurized﻿ :\ fail
way overpriced﻿
i wonder how many fakes of these are being sold on ebay ?﻿
pity it s to big for a phone wish there is wifi version only so the price also cheaper... and able to upgraded and if its dualcore procesor i will buy﻿ it
this sucks look﻿ for the samsung galaxybtab 10.1
i can't get﻿ youtube to work on this tablet, can you help me? thanks!
Hello pplz, I got this Tablet for my Bday. So now it's passed a long time and more. Now the problem is that when i download a app﻿ called ''Insect Smash'' It crashed and it's not starting up anymore! PLEASE I beg you! Someone help me!
Its a pity it took all these OEMs almost a year to figure out where their tablets actually belong...they should have been gunning for the budget market from the﻿ very beginning...
Lag﻿
Android tablets are getting﻿ more and more boring over the time.
xoom﻿
I still can't find a use for﻿ a tablet! But if I got an android one with enough power I could surely use it for emulating old computers!
John great review. Nice touch with﻿ the wallpaper change for each section of the review. Although a little laggy, with a reduction in price I may snag one to "play" with.
no﻿ ics
As soon﻿ as the Galaxy Tab 10.1 comes down in price, I'll buy one. But until then, I'll stick with my original Galaxy Tab.
the a200 has the﻿ best ports with its usb in and out but a transformer prime has more graphics power with the tegra 3, but if you are only looking at the original transformer than it has just as much power as the a200 but without the ports, im not sure if the transformer is in icecreamsandwhich yet but i think the a200 is. your call :)
After watching reviews like this of the Kindle Fire, I don't feel as excited for it anymore. Sure, they can optimize the software, but the reality is that the specs are﻿ really low which creates problems such as lag. It is an overall good device for its price point, but I think that this is a good case where specs actually do matter.
This is crap amazon sucks at making﻿ products with there name on it!
For that 200 dollar, I got a new PS3 with a free game﻿ :)... tablets isn't my thing.......yet!
i love this new kindle fire BUT i prefer, for reading, the kindle keyboard because is more lighter and the e-ink﻿ experience.
Finally! I was having withdrawals while waiting for you to﻿ post a new video, and I don't even give a damn about the kindle fire.....No Homo
No expansion slot No expansion slot No expansion slot Worthless piece of shit? Worthless piece of﻿ shit.
Facebook apps never work right anyways...effin﻿ garbage
I Really Don't Know How You Liked﻿ This, And Hated The Blackberry Playbook... American Bias I Tell Ya.. Still Great Reaview!
What's your purpose of using? If reading is only thing you will use then I don't think anybody will suggest you to buy fire. Because kindle fire is like Lamarr said that it's multimedia consumption; it contains apps, browser and kindle(reading part) in it. So you can play angry bird and browse web, also check and email as well. But it's not e-ink display﻿ so will hurt your eyes like reading on PC and other tablets. Stay with your kindle is my suggestion.
Since Ipad﻿ 2 is the best tablet on the market, it makes alot of sense to compare the new tablets to the Ipad.
Great video, but I see no need for﻿ this thing.
their is one problem that i been having with the kindle fire is the the era phone jack hasn't been working for me lightly is when i plug in my era phones it doesn't work that well and i need to find the sweet spot to make it work and i bought some Sony head phones to see if they would work better but it didn't help my local best buy said to bring it in if it didn't work but﻿ if you had this problem can you help me with this or tell me what to do
I'm﻿ still a nook fan. And will always be I guess.
Great review :) I definitely wouldn't buy it since I just got an iPad 2, which was the best choice for me since we're a mac household﻿ and I'm a college student who commutes everyday. It's really convenient to type on in my opinion and it doesn't have the weight of my laptop :B
Love the review, you are absolutely right about the comparison to the iPad. I've heard others complain about the power button and haven't had that problem yet and the battery seems fine, I put in a lot of hours reading, web, video, etc and the battery seems decent to me. As far as your magazine viewing, I just discovered that if you﻿ tap the middle of the page and the menu comes up in the right top corner you can select text view and it will appear much better for reading.
Hahaha! My brother, you had me rolling with tears of laughter! "Stop being at the bottom!" You﻿ are so hilarious! Loved your review even though I prefer my Nook tablet.
KINDLE FIRE SUCK!! Jus﻿ Sayin..... GO iPAD!
I've used my Kindle Fire everyday & I agree 100% w/ your review. I mainly got the﻿ Fire because I'm an Amazon lover & Prime member. I find myself using the video streaming a LOT more with this device. It's awesome! I love how you can also get e-books from the public library for FREE. Only thing I didn't like at all was that they don't have the feature where Kindle can read your books aloud for you. I'm hoping they'll fix it w/ an update. But overall I'm loving my lil Kindle Fire. Thanks Lamarr!
Excellent review, I'm looking forward to get my hands on one, unfortunately they don't ship it to my country... yet ﻿
I'm happy that you think it plays videos and yt﻿ well, that's mostly what I'll use it for if I get it.It's not as great as I had hoped but it is cheaper than most iPod touches . Maybe I'll get it for my pops and I'll get to play with it too.
Why, thinking of getting﻿ that $200 Best Buy deal? :) I sure did and totally worth it. If you don't need an e-reader and don't really need a huge amount of apps., the Playbook is much superior in speed and specifications.
Not﻿ bad for a $200 device....I don't think I am going to get one because I have an iPad 2 and a way better 7inch android tablet.
Not A TABLET ~ ﻿
512 ram is just fine just not with their front end. Which can be fixed with more optimization they had to make cuts at that﻿ price point which is a shame.
512mb﻿ on a tablet is not enough, thats the main reason this Kindle which I have tested for more than a week is a complete let down, the video quality is crappy, volume could be better, the Lag on the browser is unbearable, the keys take a long time to register, pressing home key or back key it will take 2-5 seconds to register your touch. The Tablet storage is horrible which i mean 6.54 GB free when you turn on your device, not enough to make me want to keep it, processed the return.
I agree 512 mb especially on an android device is def not enough. If they went with another OS or had optimized the UI, it would have made some difference but not enough for some.﻿ Plenty non techies are complaining ab the lag on amazon's forums
that is completely false, 512 is easily enough if the OS is well optimized and had no crapware, is it﻿ enough for higher end things suchs as games and multitasking, no. Same thing goes for storage, is it optimal of what people want? No. Is it respectable at the price? Yes, people would be happier with an expandable storage in which this iteration of the device did not include. The ram has nothing to do with lag, the original iPad had 256 MB of DDR RAM. Input lag? Nope
Ram might not matter on the Ipad because the software is optimized for it, this Tablet is not and will not be optimized, they are trying to make it a separate entity from Android and Will highly doubt﻿ they will get ICS. For your Information there is Lag on the Ipad one which I get to see almost everyday which my coworker has, making your point invalid. Android 2.3 is not optimized for Dual core and of course I dont expect it to get it optimized by Amazon.
iPad is better than Kindle Fire but it's true﻿ that you can't really compare them .
They﻿ really didn't make good use of that dual core processor
not at all, I'm disappointed with﻿ the stock rom, but I'm sure xda will do amazing things with this!
I would so get one if the﻿ where available I'm Australia, unfortunately the two main features of digital video and music are not available here :(
You sure complain﻿ a lot of lacking features considering it's only two-freaking hundred dollars!!!
It's so hard for android developers to make smooth UI? One of the reasons that shows the iPad is the﻿ best.
Look at samsung galaxy tab, Look at Toshiba Thrive﻿ THEY ARE BETTER!
wutta shit dual core shit and it stills lag at books﻿ and such.....
Great review. The power button location is an annoyance for sure. One solution right off the back is to just flip the thing over﻿ so that the power button IS on top. The view will flip and I dont think there is a situation where the view will be upside down. Also putting the Fire in the right case probably will make the power button less likely to be accidentally pushed.
My only serious gripe is that the book reading application here is missing some of the abilities you find on the e-ink Kindle readers. Amazon really needs to fix that. Though I supopose it not something you'd notice unless you've have one the other﻿ Kindles.
I enjoyed this video, and I completely get and understand your view on this. Personally, I expected to be able to do a bit more with the tablet, as it is Android, but I was wrong. I don't hate the tablet for it, but I do understand it has﻿ a different purpose than my tweaker/geeky needs.
OMG thats almost as fast﻿ and smooth as my 6yr old brothers fake ipad that my dad bought for 30$!
Ill buy it perfect for me and budget. I don't like﻿ that it doesn't have the volume button
samsung rules!!!!!!﻿ these morons cant make anything right in america
i wouldnt buy this﻿
id﻿ rather buy a playbook
Most important﻿ point is that this is for media viewing not creation. Why can't Android put out a tablet to actually compete with the ipad. I love the idea of the ipad but I hate apple and IOS.
If/when they release a version with a volume rocker, a micro SD﻿ slot and a better position for the power button, I'd buy it in a heartbeat.
ANDROID sucks ﻿
So... Nook are﻿ better?
Overall the Kindle Fire is a great starter product for amazon.I like the fact that they are coming out with something that allows for you to use their vast amount of media that they already sell in a small and affordable device.Unfortunately for me I don't see myself getting this version of the fire as I﻿ do not like the power button placement and volume as well as some performance issues.I believe in the future one aside from hardware fixes,new software is needed but otherwise great job amazon!
I consider myself rather tech savvy and at this tablet price point I can't see how anybody could think that it would be a power-user device. Clearly it is a quick media use item and﻿ not meant to be a replacement for your laptop. I like the fire a lot, and I think that a couple firmware upgrades will smooth out a lot of issues.
I agree with all pros and cons---and thank you for stating that this is a "consumption" device; and should not be compared to the iPad. I agree the power button is an epic﻿ fail, Amazon's intentions were to keep all kindles uniform. But they should've opted for a sliding button, seen on the Kindle Classic, to counter the Fires added weight. I hope a software update fixes this--- FYI: Kindle Fire ships activated with no password protection, oh and the package says Kindle Fire all over it. So i
GREAT REVIEW, finally got someone to tell what's wrong with it, even though i am a kindle﻿ fire supporter!!!
I was really thinking about getting one until I saw this review. Too many little﻿ annoyances through out the device.
great﻿ review but for my purposes i just love the asus transformer prime
@ Deafstyle0Cryptos personally I find the nook tablet superior to this one﻿ in many ways. First off it has an exterior volume control,expandable memory etc. The nook is running on 1gb of ram compared to the 512mb this is running. But a down side is it has the normal android app store so you are sacrificing a few hundred apps. I'm only a teen so I don't know much but I've done my homework on both of these tablets. I hope this helped! :)
whoa whoa whoa....... is this thing really worth 200 dollars? i wanna get one but I'm thinking twice about it if is﻿ lagging so much
Amazon﻿ needs to give you a seller credit because you convinced me to get one! Thanks! ;)
I bought a Fire because I wanted the following: (a) an E-reader (b) a video player and (c) something that I could surf the web on better than my phone and do some basic email. It's simple... I've got an android phone so I know that the android﻿ apps basically suck. My phone can do a 4G hot spot, so I'm OK so long as I'm in the US. Foreign travel is another story.
Hmm, looks good but i'm still going for the iPad 2,﻿ Anyway, nice review ;)
hahah this was like a 16min comedic webisode, you provided good info and made me laugh +1. Definately not a device for me, but my wife would love it,﻿ she doesn't care for the technical jargon.
dude even if that thing is as thick as an atlas﻿ i would propably still buy it ... i'd rather take that than a big ass laptop seriously....
I bought a﻿ kindle fire in November and after using for a while I was convinced it wasn't that great. After rooting it however it turned into a full fledged android tablet with Android Marketplace installed. Don't regret buying.
Free is probably the ultimate price leader Limited HD movie storage cap. can be problem if the movies com only in the HD format Reviews at amazon mention micro SD, that should alleviate limited on board storage. The price is right, but I'm unsure if I'd like the small 7" screen,﻿ I find the 9" screen on my netbook small Then the the privacy paranoia aspect with Amazon knowing too much about my sheet. The volume control thing looks to be annoying, but something a person could get used to.
Kindle Fire is﻿ a total failure. Horrible devise.
ShaniAlexis i﻿ can't find the speech mode on my kindle fire so mabe it doesn't have it
does someone know how to﻿ get apps because my kindle fire will not let me
as soon as he said 8gb i had to turn off﻿ the video *sigh*
not enough memory. i have at least 30+ movies and over 1100﻿ songs i want to put on it.
I love mine and also wish they move the power﻿ button.. :)
Only complaint I have is the﻿ power button, volume, and sometimes lag/drag. Also, youtube wont work on my Kindle Fire for some reason.
Yes, that is a very valid point that in the tablet category this product would score a far lower score then say an ipad.... however this device is not set out to be a tablet they are attempting to create their own type of device that fulfills the purpose of delivering media to the end user not a mobile computer... although it is lacking and im going to wait for the inevitable second generation﻿ it is a good step in a new direction for electronic products
I don't mean to gloat, (well... maybe just a little) but good thing I﻿ bought the hp touchpad for half the price.
There are already lots of media players out there, including portable MP4 players, portable DVDs, and even Android devices. I think Amazon should be able to undercut those price-wise, but my sense is that they are a company whose primary business is their passion, and that they limit and neglect the Kindle division, which itself lacks﻿ people with vision.
I could see how people who need a lot of space, this could be a bad tablet. But I really don't use a lot of space because I already have an iPhone if I need more space for my music or movies. Honestly, you can't compare an iPad to the Kindle Fire, I mean they're like $200 apart. For the cheapness of this tablet, I think it's a really good tablet. The only think I hate is the power button at the bottom,﻿ But that won't stop me from buying it. Nice Review!
When will tablets be able to do everything a pc does? I just feel that they are still limiting in very many aspects. The technology is there, but its like every tablet platform limits you by﻿ their software. I see no reason why I shouldnt be able to make word document, spreadsheet, etc. Can someone chime in. Im looking into a tablet, and almost bought a Ipad, but thaey are super limited especially for its price. I like the compact design of tablets, why arent they more functional. Ideas, thanks?!
Nice review, well done. You're exactly correct - this isn't a device for the techno geeks, it's for those who simply want to consume content and send the occasional email. That's where this device excels. Sure the storage is limited but﻿ think about where most people are going to use this thing - where ever they have wifi access, so keeping one's stuff in the cloud isn't that big a deal. By the way, really enjoyed your review as being functional in nature, rather than technical.
loved this review...entertaining and informative! Nice that you focused on both the negative and the positive factors of the Kindle Fire. But﻿ darn that power button being on the bottom. Major amazon fail there, but for $200 I think I can live with that; hopefully they learn and have better placement for that in version 2.
i wooouldnttttt wannt it lol thankks﻿ thouugh
Hmm Kindle Fire or﻿ Samsung Player 4 or Samsung Player 5.... After finding out Kindle Fire is short a microSD card slot, Kindle Fire is now out of the question for me... Now I wonder if I should get Samsung Player 4 or Samsung Player 5....
I live in the uk. Fire hasn't been released here so I﻿ got an iPad 2. Glad I did. I love it. The fire looks great also. Just ashame it's not being released in uk.
I actually watched this video on my kindle fire, haha. I completely agree with everything you said. The only thing I might add﻿ are problems I have with the rudimentary mobile versions of certain websites, like youtube for example. Overall though, I love the kindle fire.
What a fantastic review video!!! Thanks, man. Your review made me realize I need to wait for the﻿ Kindle 2.0 for them to do some corrections. I can't tell you how much I appreciate all this!
Thumbs up if u﻿ were on ur ipad x)
It just looks terrible to me, like it was rushed. I really wanted to like this, but I think it would piss me off everyday, especially with how closed they made the system.﻿
Ipad﻿ wins every time ;) , yup i said what we are all thinking! hahah
Ahhh! I really want the kindle fire, would﻿ buy it ASAP if it had more then 8 gb, I would love to have 16 or mby 32.... Since I would use it alot when I travel .
Ok i'll sum﻿ up the review: Its a kindle fire! Theres a reason i have an iPad
the real deal breaker for this new kindle is it doesnt have my fav. feacher from the old first kindle which is the TEXT TO SPEACH. this was almost a deal breaker for me as it allowed me to have text books read to﻿ me and i could have my email read to me if i forwarded long emails to my kindle that i didnt have time to read just suprised that no one has mentioned it. so i comparing the fire to the other kindles
I thought I was going to buy it but... screw it im going to﻿ wait for the next kindle fire... or maybe the next iPad
I like the﻿ nook
No text﻿ to speech
well i just bought a kindle fire, i﻿ wish they can put a camera for video chat but other than that it is okay
there is a setting near the bottom for changing type size, but it's annoying to keep moving the page.﻿
LOLZ﻿ I hate the button on the bottom, kinda annoying
Galaxy Tab 10.1 forever!!!!! ﻿
Wait so did u use﻿ up the memory fast I have an iPod touch that has 8gb and I havnt used it all up and I have had it for a while so is it bad memory size
Yeah, if you enjoy being locked into a contract and paying a about &75 a month.﻿ Forget it.
Porn sucks on this,just saying......﻿
Awesome review! Is there any talk of Kindle coming out with a new tablet in the﻿ near future with changes made on the negative reviews(power button, volume control, etc.)?
THE IPad is the best!!!!!!!!! fuck kindle shit﻿
theres an easy way to﻿ fix all your complaints....buy a nook color
I think I'm going to pick one up since its only $200. An iPad IS better, but the price difference is huge. For so much cheaper, I think the﻿ Fire is a better deal.
I'm watching this on my kindle fire(: The lack of the volume key CAN get a litttleeee bit annoying, but that's my only complaint. The power button position doesn't bother me at all ... The Silk Browser is really fast too. I LOVE MY KINDLE!(:﻿
lol I loved this﻿ video:) it is worth watching and you really funny by the way!! :) :) and im getting one for my sixteenth birthday... also i do agree with you they would've done better (like the power button) thanks for your info and opinion.
my kindle fire started having video problems. everything on youtube. the video doesnt take up full screen only about half and﻿ the resolution dropped so low i cant even read text on it. can anyone help me?
i﻿ have this and all i can say is don't get this, nothing works as well as it should on here
Comment typed via PC BECAUSE AMAZON DID NOT RELEASE﻿ THIS IN THE UK :C
Price is pretty sweet, but 7" tablets look like jumbo smartphones﻿ to me. I'd much rather watch my Netflix movies and shows on a 10" screen.
ipad is the best dame tablet out their and all u dame fools... well r dame fools who cant afford a great device type all that dumb shit in my inbox all u want i dont check it.... oh yeh and i﻿ hate Obama and u bitches
Yeahh I don't want the kindle fire anymore.﻿
Everything﻿ is great on mine...but he's right, the magazines could use some improving!
Thanks﻿ for the review. Im sticking with the 3rd generation.
MHO, get the touch 3g for reading, and﻿ for a full media device just get an iPad. No point of buying this if ur going to be reading, to bright, to many options,to easy to get lost on distractions.
nice video i also have a kindle fire and it sucks since i cant access most amazon services outside of the us and i have to tell you that i have no problem with the volume since u just have to tap the settings button and﻿ it will appear
They should name it Kindle﻿ Lag!!!!
Don't like it xyboard. HTC does better with the pen! I don't﻿ get the pricing for these tablets! You can buy labtops for the price of these tablets. They need to come down in price alot!
PRIME﻿
Doesn't look like a﻿ gaming laptop.. so meh
Tegra 3 and I'm sold.﻿
@Schikane07 I sold my Transformer because﻿ all the browsers keep crashing, tried a million things but nothing worked. I just want something small to carry to collage and do some work and essays and surf the web. Beside, having options its always better.
1) That's a disgusting thought. 2) Look at the video tags. Android is listed as one of them, but not Windows. Could be a﻿ sign.
it's cg you can't be sure﻿ if it's accurate
Please have a battery/ array of ports in the﻿ keyboard.. that looks way too thin to be fully featured :(
Great, apart﻿ from the bloke saying "ASUS"
transformable android﻿ ultra book!!! 650 ($499+$150dock) is expensive, but it's not if it's something you are going to love
Larger screen would be nice as﻿ well...
every fucking time, can you losers focus sometimes on other things than apple? When go to see iphone/ipad videos,﻿ all i see is people commenting if they like it or not - on android and rest it's same old shit - apple is shit, this is way better than iphone, ipad sucks compare to this etc - keep talking shit while apple is made twice as much as google in last quater xD
Another ipad﻿ killer? Calm down people, just another stupid tablet.
Great, now it'll definitely burn because of the﻿ cpu heat. Thanks Asus.
Then tell me where this killer point is? Had it and sold it for ipad. Hardware was good from the specs but build quality and software far worse than ipad. iOS5 running fast even on 1st gen ipad! Android needs at least 1 gig ram and dualcore to do this and still is﻿ slower. If this new t2 will be same crap am sure ipad3 will be much better and will win as usual.
I had one Asus premium laptop and tablet as I said and build quality was average comparing to apple.﻿ So I dont suspect it will improve in this t2 tablet but will see. I agree that ipad2 cost too much but all new tablets cost similar which is too much as well. Ipad has its limits but I am more happier with it than I was with asus. It does everything I want to do on a tablet and is much faster than asus ever was.
and I dont care if android is more advanced etc I care about performance in everyday tasks, simplicity and this things ios do﻿ better on slower than tegra2 processor. So even ipad graphics are worse we have still better performance! So whats the point having tegra? Even games look better on ipad. I am not gonna mention the quantity&quality of apps on appstore comparing to android market. Tegra 3 looks great and maybe power hungry android will run on it as it should on tegra2.
it doesnt bother me at all,﻿ flash is history anyway and I didnt even use it on asus turning it off as everything just slowing down due to flash
Agreed, I can't stand all of that f*cking bloatware that most tablet/smartphone manufacturers include with Android that are useless and can,t be﻿ uninstalled.
You'd﻿ think that wouldn't you. But sadly, 720p.
all they really needed to correct from it's Ee is the complicated way to clip it on and off the keyboard, and it looks like they did...LOOKS like...﻿
yeah﻿ sure is it any difference comparing with the most expensive apple products that change once per year and barelly change ?
I've seen pictures of it. The keyboard is very very similar to apples macbooks, and they've also stolen the﻿ look of the trackpad. Not impressed asus
Taiwan Asus is terrible!!!﻿ LoL
the tablet is only 586g HEY, MONEY WHERE ARE U GOING﻿ ?
Good job, but if can mount 2 Bluetooth, for 2 pads or 1 for sincronize music and﻿ etc... 2 BT :)
YES. Better than any tablet out there currently in every way. I kinda wish they made the keyboard dock a little thicker though. They could have fit in a bit more battery and another USB port.﻿
This masterpiece﻿ is without 3g. Why asus whyyyyy
No﻿ 3G.... aaaaand there goes whatever head start you might have had. Fuck tethering, gimmicky shit.
I bought an Asus G73 Notebook over a year ago. There are a few games on the market which won't run with Asus graphic driver, which has never been updated since I bought the thing. ATI's own drivers just cause it to crash, and Asus says the solution is to use it's own crap outdated driver. SCREW YOU Asus, look whats happening all over the world at the moment. People have had enough of filthy greedy corporations who just screw us.﻿ SCREW YOU, That G73 was my LAST Asus product, good riddance
Poor you, At least their G74SX can use the Nvidia Drivers........... One thing that sucks about gaming laptops.....if the manufacturer becomes too lazy﻿ to update the driver, your screwed.......
thanks... but if the cheapest price is 499﻿ it wont be cheaper than other tablets anymore... :/
ASUS PLZ , make the border less thick on the transformer prime! That is the main﻿ reason to why im not buying one yet!
No i like it how it is, it's as thin as﻿ a Macbook. Perfect for any University student.
WTF is wrong with your eStore!?﻿ No one answers the phone and the e-mail form DOES NOT WORK!
Hey﻿ fuck You i love my ipad its the best thing that was ever created. The﻿ ipad is the break threw device of the universe lol jk
The only thing this netbook lack to be perfect is a nice GPU...Probably in 2015 they will include﻿ one powerfull enough to run cool games for sport, and full HD movie suport. :)
@Asus @Nvidia Unlock OUR boot﻿ loader! Give us ROOT NOW! Fix GPS! #TransformerPrime learn from @HTC
Asus has locked the bootloader on the Transformer prime, meaning we will not﻿ have any custom ROMs and homebrew hacks till we get a possible fix. Petition Asus to correct this, and open up your device to﻿ allow you to be in its full control. Tweet: @Asus @Nvidia Unlock OUR Boot Loader! Fix GPS! #TransformerPrime RE POST THIS
Wait what about wifi issues?? Are they as terrible as ppl make them out to﻿ be?
Badass commercial cheap﻿ product...jk
Read the Better Business Bureau's alert about ASUS. They don't honor warranties, send defective products as replacements, don't call back like they say they would...the Better Business Bureau questioned them about this, and ASUS did﻿ not respond.
i have a prime with shitty wifi and﻿ a crashing browser. waste of 500 bucks.keep ur tf101
its a shame it﻿ doesn't have visual output
still no﻿ stereo speakers :/
so u can connect﻿ usb to the keyboard and transfer music, pictures and videos from it?
why is it﻿ taking them so long to release this!!!!!!!!!
Well,﻿ the problem is not with the Aluminum back as people say with the prime. It is just on some devices the antenna is not placed correctly. Luckily, I got one in working condition.
Yes, it is indeed very interesting. It is a phone that has a dock that is a tablet, and the station dock (the tablet) has a keyboard dock. Naturally, the tablet is just a bigger screen with a 6600 mAh battery, and also uses dynamic display technology to display all apps in tablet form (such as, g-mail has two forms, a tablet form, and a phone form). And the keyboard dock has a 6000 mAh battery. The only thing I do not like﻿ is that the station dock resolution is 1280x800.
So this runs everything else the﻿ same? Hardware wise besides the screen and gps? If so I'm going to take back this Transformer 101 for a prime since I'm getting framerate spikes on HD Youtube videos.
Indeed, and that is despicable. They downgrade you, unless you want to pay monthly for a provider.﻿
no HDMI? BS! and no USB on the tab itself???﻿ WOW! horrible~~
I PS plus and 1900×1200﻿ res. too
There is﻿ no GPS in official specs, so probably issue not solved....!!!!!
All that extra 150﻿ dock dose is basicly give you just a keyboard well great.....
if your worried about gps, get the new t700 transformer prime. It's plastic backing and wifi enhanced gps gets rid of the two problems plagueing the﻿ t201 transformer prime.
ARE U NUTS !! THE NEW IPAD HAS 2048 x 15396 PIXELS AND IT IS﻿ FAR BETTER THAN THE ASUS GRAPHIC DISPLAY USE YOUR MIND DUDE!
actually the ipad 3 is better in the resolution "department" .. although overall I'd go with the﻿ asus ...
I am talking about 700 series. There is no GPS in specs - check on their page. I hope it will work - i want 3g version - but it's not possible to buy. They announced it at the beginning of the year and not sell it.﻿ it's so lame
Really? 2048 x 15396. 2048 x 1536 is right. And yeah, it's better than the transformer infinity but don't be mean about it.﻿
yeah but hardware is bad for the graphics to many pixels makes that pad slower overall, not to mention, what really is above 1080p right now? not﻿ really much
@SciMoTeAr don't worry, that's the t700 infinity, the t700 transformer prime is the plastic﻿ backed fix for the poor gps. the only downside is that it still only runs wifi, not 3g.
No more﻿ Micro-HDMI? :[
...I wish they backlit﻿ that keyboard
Man the iPad﻿ is still better... SIKE haha
no ad hoc support..﻿ no buy
Oh, wow, you need an APP to ROTATE THE SCREEN. The New iPad has this built-in. Get one of those instead, they're way﻿ better, trust me.
Anyone having store﻿ problems with this device? I'm thinking of buying it but I don't know if 8gb will be enough; and since it doesn't have an SD slot I can't upgrade the amount of storage space.
No SD card﻿ slot = deal breaker
Google chose probably the worst company to make﻿ the nexus 7. Asus fucking sucks, and so does their quality control and customer service. The replacement i got for my original defective nexus 7 is also defective. -___________- I would ask for a refund, but there are no refunds for open tablets from gamestop, so i would suggest you buy it from the playstore, since their exchanges seem to be much simpler. it took 2 weeks just to get my first one replaced since gamestop was out of stock everywhere.
Microsoft surface﻿ 8 will be so much better
Also to note, videos will only play in 720P on this device, meaning those gigantic ass movies you have will not run in full quality on this device anyways, rendering their size practically useless and these videos should be scaled down before placed on the device in the first place, you really cannot go wrong with this device at all, in any way. As devices that also boast no lag in performance,﻿ cost twice the price of this tablet.
You could get a 16GB Playbook for the same price and you get more for﻿ the money including a rear camera, flash, and high MP front facing camera
Reasons I'd rather have the PlayBook vs the Nexus 7 1. Flash 2. Rear Camera ﻿ 3.﻿ Higher MP FrontFacing Camera 4. HDMI Port 5. 16GB as opposed to 8GB for the same price 6. The ability to install the Android Market onto the Playbook 7. Bridge
i have the playbook and it doesnt have a flash and its broke lol my friends﻿ broke also... was brilliant apart from not many apps as its blackberry :/
I will hate the YouTube and media playback apps right up until they add Windows Media Center-like﻿ skip forward/back buttons. Scrubbing is the bane of a touch screen's existence, especially with streaming media.
Absolutely love my Google nexus so smooth and quick just wish it had rear camera only﻿ comparable tablet to ipad
Do Not Buy Google Nexus 7 ! This is﻿ because in few months Google are releasing another Google Nexus 7 which has 3G. So wait :)
bad thing is that it cant rotate﻿ and i doesnt have a back facing camera
still a great tablet despite the presence﻿ of data
sd card slot﻿ should have been a standard but then again google prolly aimed this at the low price category and any extras cost extra so....
should have put microsoft word on this sht ﻿
Those are some mighty fancy moves John's bustin'﻿ out at the end. I like the fact that it's wireless only but the lack of storage options is a turnoff. I think I'll wait for the next gen.
forgive me for all of the grammatical errors in my previous statement. I am using Nexus﻿ 7 voice to text and it's not perfect.
This looks great, but I'm looking to get a 10 incher for my next tablet. My playebook serves my purpose for now. sidenote : I﻿ didn't know John Malkovich and Ken Jeong is in TF3...awesome...too bad everyone say it's a POS...
Another tablet off my list. No expansion via micro sd card makes this virtually worthless to me. My area has such﻿ spotty Wi-Fi that I need to store lots of entertainment on my tablet for when it is not available.
The screen becomes less responsive after prolonged use because of fingerprint grease. Have to﻿ wipe it down with alcohol swap couple of times a day to make it better. IPhone, iPad don't have that problem cuz of grease resistant screen
Never bought a smart phone or a tablet, but Nexus 7 is getting﻿ close to what I want. Things that are missing. -Forward facing camera. -3G for skype calls like a phone
Kindle fire hd!!!﻿
Way to﻿ expensive for what it is.
Nexus Q? .... why does that look so familiar.... hmmm Apple tv? SURPRISE! and people dont seem to understand that the Siri has a robotic﻿ voice ON PURPOSE, its to not make it feel like a human, giving you the feeling your superior and you CONTROL the machine
No back camera,? no external sd, no﻿ hdmi out., No buy.
The n7 has snapback issues with its screen. I think samsung does their kinetic scrolling better﻿
if only it had﻿ mobile connectivity
it´s possible to﻿ expand your storage with an OTG cable and one of those tiny usb sticks , maybe not looking as slick as a integrated sd-slot but better than nothing
Don't buy ASUS, BUY﻿ Samsung. Please DO NOT support Chinese products!
Why on earth would you want it? The poor selection of apps? The low storage space versus cost? Clunky android? Crappier web browsing? Smaller screen but not small enough to fit in your pocket?﻿ No thank you.
lol where am I going to fuck off to? This is my country and its not in our best interest to support Chinese goods. any chance I get I will boycott﻿ and lead others to boycott Chinese products! Samsung products ARE NOT made in China! You are full of shit scumbag!
I bought the Google Nexus 7, but I am so regard now since the quality of the Tablet﻿ is not good! I dropped it on the hard floor(12" high), and the LCD screen damaged, which is not covered under the ASUS manufacturer warranty (I sent it back to ASUS) They said that this types of damage not covered under ASUS manufacturer warranty, which I have to pay $180 to fix it! It is almost the price of a new Google nexus 7!
I would have liked to have a rear facing camera, instead of the front facing one, and I would like it to come in a 32gb. I like how they look and feel, it is just the right size for me to fit in my hands and have an﻿ enjoyable user experience. I bought my girlfriend an Asus Transformer, and it was too big for my purposes.
It'll be great if there is﻿ a 4G version on it....
If it has a MicroSD slot, it would be worth the 200, but because it doesn't have one nor 3G, I'd say it's worth about 6 dollars. You don't have WiFi﻿ everywhere so cloud storage is not an excuse.
Well, the Kindle Fire HD doesn't come﻿ out till October, so if you want one now obviously pick the Nexus 7. I have a Nexus 7 and they are great to use, only problem is that there is no rear view camera.
My sprint Google nexus phone just did a system update to nexus 7..its a bit slow at first but it gets really﻿ smooth after a while. :)
This, definetely. However, the Nexus does have a dissapointing TV shows ecosystem, so you're gonna have to get a third party﻿ app for that. (I'd go with iTunes and just convert the media to somthing the Nexus 7 can handle.) :)
I have one. It needs an address book. I could not find a good address book in the app store? You can get the app to make it rotate. Not a big deal. " set Orientation" is the name of the app. This is my first tablet and I like it. The maps don't work without wifi if you are on the road and you are looking up a new address. If you look the address up at you wifi conection and save it it will work. It will not work with the square up card reader app. But it﻿ will work with Intuit app.
depends on how technologically adept you are. if you want to keep it real simple then the kindle fire hd is a little﻿ easier to use, but the nexus 7 has far superior hardware and software
Wait for the Microsoft Surface tablet. Will be﻿ $200.00 and offer the same Tegra 3 processor.
I7 lmao that would make the tablet﻿ way to hot and expensive
too many﻿ screen lift defects that really holds me back from buying this im going for the galaxy note 10.1 will wait a few months but its worth it
******AWKWARD***********﻿
If you want one simply for entertainment like books movies and TV shows and don't mind paying for Amazon Premium then the kindle fire, which is also easier to use then the Nexus 7. However, if you want access to all of﻿ the Google Android Apps or you use Google Music and you have used or want to use the full android experience pick the Nexus 7. It all depends on what you want it for.
kindle fire HD is a bit more buggy than this, otherwise it is a decent tablet. otherwise i suggest this one, or wait til Oct. 26 for the Windows Surface tablet with﻿ Windows 8
This has better performance and a﻿ bigger appstore. The only advantage kindle has is HDMI output
Nexus 7 is the best tablet out there. Atleast it was﻿ untill note 10.1 came out :)
google sucks so bad﻿
Well , no rear camera ,or sd card slot so what , still affordable and with 200$ you have all these features﻿
Honestly, I see no problem with there being an abscence of rear-facing camera. There are some ups to it, such as sharing more than your face in video calls, but in all honesty, who wants﻿ to use a 7 inch tablet to take photos?
Everything is fine and perfect except for this shitty, low-quality screen. The damn thing is not bright at all even if you set the brightness to the max. Not even a close match to a﻿ Samsung or Playbook. I was so looking forward to this tablet...
anyone know if google are planning a 10" version to follow? storage﻿ also needs to be looked at but that said it looks a real contender for the price. i prefer bigger screens as eyesight is not the best.
google sucks so bad, herp derp, I'll go﻿ jump out a window.
it doesn't have a micro﻿ sd... wtf... this is so over hyped... why would i want a tab that wont let me have a micro sd? i have 40 gigs of music alone...
I'd consider myself an Apple fanboy, but I find Android very interesting. The﻿ UI seems pretty cool. I'll probably stick with my iPhone, but I'm considering getting an Android tablet to play around with.
I think this﻿ tablet is tremendous
When I first played with it I found it irritating that the tablet does not﻿ go in landscape mode the whole time. But luckely there is an app for that! That was the only downside, works grate and is blazing fast!
I really want to buy one of these tablets....but﻿ I've been reading about a lot of people having serious issues with the build quality and other problems (screen lifting, dead pixels, unresponsive touch screen). Can you confirm whether or not these problems are still occuring (since the nexus has been out for a few months now..). Has the manufacturer fixed these problems yet? Can anyone answer my questions? If these problems are still occuring I will probably go with the galaxy tab 2...Thanks :)
same here personally i love my iphone but the ipad is a freaking rip off for 400 hundered dollars then﻿ you have this baby with more power. Sure the screen is tinnier but the value is way beyond the ipads
ipod touch 5 or this? this looks like a great﻿ tablet for the price but i need the portability the ipod touch has. and also i need my music and the ipod looks like the better option.
I really want to get this but the only problem I have is not having a rear camera and a micro sd card slot. To me 8/16gb is﻿ a bit too small and really restricts my memory. But I would 100% suggest you buy it but I want to wait for a while to see if they improve the device.
Agree there. Some shortcomings that﻿ hold me back from buying this..
It all depends on personal preference. Android products are more versatile and customizable, but they do take﻿ a learning curve and for some they are more complicated. ipads are easy and elegant, but there is no room for personalizing it. It's not about apple vs android or mud slinging, its about what kind of person YOU are and what works for you.
this tablet is﻿ tremendous
WTF people are wasting their money on tablets , TABLET sucks its﻿ not even bigger than my penis
I'm on the same boat. For now, I say go with the iPad or wait for iPad mini. There is little customized app support for Android tablets. If you are not using apps alot, go with this. Also, your iPhone will play nicely﻿ with an iPad, not really Nexus 7.
Beautiful and usable device, but﻿ rushed and badly engineered. My Nexus does not come on at all. I got so attached to it. I'm boxing it now and it feels like loading a coffin.
nexus 7-not as portable,apps are pretty decent,surfing﻿ the web is pretty good with the larger screen,but you will lose out on 5mp cameras of the 5gen ipod touch ipod touch 5gen-the opposite I would go for the nexus 7 if you want something $99 cheaper ,and runs android os (it also came with $25 FREE google play credit and a transformers movie,but it has expired recently)
I just don't like the software :( ... It seems like it's dark, complicated, messy and would just be a hassle to find﻿ something. :'(
"iPad killer" how many times have I heard this? It's not the tablet thats worse.... its the﻿ OS... android's gonna need to change to kill the ipad besides price.
Sold my Ipad 2 made a huge profit. Apple products are only good cause they hold there value. Android devices are not worth the money cause the resale﻿ is shit. Your better off buying used android products or getting it free on an affordable contract. I'm waiting for 32gb Nexus 7 cause this one is too weak
I suggest getting an Asus tablet instead. If you're going to buy﻿ a tablet for a real price, that's a great one. Now as for the resale value, true, but all and any devices I ever buy, I use them into the ground. That includes my iphone I once had and my 2 year old nexus that just died on me. That's just me, but I understand your point of view too :)
the only problem I have is that﻿ it does not a camera on the back
This device looks very tempting, but isn't 16 gb of storage extremely insufficient? I think that's gonna be the reason﻿ why I won't buy it. Darn!
As an East African village chief.﻿ This tablet isn't even longer then my pubes
i hate the fact that the﻿ keys take up screen space
Typical! I finally find a nice tablet I﻿ can afford, and it only comes with 16 gigs of storage, WITHOUT the option to use﻿ sd cards. Darn!
I had a nexus than i returned it... the build quality﻿ is shitty... the camera is terrible, the speaker is mediocre, the battery life sucks compared to most other tablets, and the display LCD is weak
My girlfriend is getting me this and i agree that it should include a sdcard slot an ive read some articles that google is pushing out a update soon that will add landscape which is good but overall this looks to be one of the best﻿ android tablets on the market for that amount
This thing is really nice. but it does lack a lot of features, like of course lack of expandable storage, back camera, lack of landscape mode at any time, 7 inch screen only, and a cut down screen. etc. but it's still very very nice. I wish they would come out with﻿ the 10 inch sooner
im glad i watched this review,made me realise i﻿ dont really want a tablet device,just a decent phone and a good laptop and i think i can stay away for at least a few more years...
No HDMI out, into the trashcan﻿ it goes.
NEXUX 7 IS GAY PIECE OF FUCKING SHITE1111!!!!!! IPAD IS BETTR BECUDE ITS﻿ FROM APPLE AND HAS 3G11!!!!!! BTW DO YOUUU PLAY COD MW3!
The tablet is so perfect except no﻿ expandable memory!
I am a mac fan and agree that ipad is way better but lets not be ridiculous this is still a good tablet. It just depends on what you like. Some people like the fact that it has is cheaper then the ipad and ipad user like all the bells and whistles﻿ it comes with.
No SD? So Sorry, Not for me... Cloud storage is nice. Nothing is more important than being able to physically control removable storage...﻿
Um why does this tablet not support Flash? Google Chrome doesn't support Flash. This is an extremely retarded move. Does anybody know if any﻿ firmware updates will fix this issue?
Should have 16gb and same price as the Kindle Fire HD, and polarizing filters. It really﻿ turned me down, most popular high-end games on the pay store ar not optimised, especially nova 3. And even modern combat 3,lighting goes haywire.
it doesnt seem to﻿ be my kind of tablet
the problem is that the usb will only hold pictures videos﻿ and photos and not apps and if it holds apps it still might not hold large games
u can buy this in﻿ usa or u.k. for 199 USD, but in my country Hungary the cheapest price is 350 USD. fuck i hate this big differences, even in payments. arrgghh im gonna buy a new intel i5 cpu for my desktop pc until the tablets price goes down
ipad﻿ mini
iPad Mini is better﻿ !:p
just HATE that boundary﻿ around it. so BIG
This device looks great but i am going with the Ipad mini. Its not because i am a apple fan but because i have so many apps purchased via the apple﻿ store. If i get this i would have to purchase apps that i really need for work and commute. Other then that i am really impressed with this device. Apple cant beat the price either.
Yeah but it's my taste : I think the iPad Mini is better because they are more apps for iPad in the App Store and it has a bigger screen. But the Nexus 7 is﻿ a good product too! Don't worry:) lol So, it's a great video
too bad that it cost﻿ 300$ here :(
You're talking nonsense, iPad doens't even need a quad core CPU to beat the Tegra 3, how sad is that huh ? Aside from that, the Apple A5 chip used in the iPad 2 and the iPad Mini completely wipes﻿ Nvidia Tegra 3 away in terms of what, everything ?
What ? Seriously what ? You tried to put the iPad down and I just beat you to it because you were talking nonsense and then I am the fan boy and need to get the fuck out ? Well excuse me sir but screw you. No one ever said neither one of them﻿ is a good product, I just corrected you.
Does it come with a keyboard ? I don't like touch screens, never had one. I have a mouse though, couldn't get﻿ around that. Maybe my mouse would work with this Nexus thing?
Only﻿ con of this tablet is that it doesn't have a 3.5m headphone jack
depends on you, Fire would maybe be better if you want it for entertainment since amazons collection of music books and video is impressive, mini in my﻿ opinion is a waste of money but if you have all other ios devices why break the ecosystem with icloud and so on, i perfer nexus since im deep in google services and the price is, so far, unbeaten for its tech
Nexus 7 < iPad﻿ Mini﻿
blackberry playbook > nexus﻿ 7
it's so ugly but i want﻿ it
U can't even compare this android shit to apple﻿ iPad Mini ;)
Definitely want one. Glad I recently learnt about the 32GB version soon﻿ to be available here in the UK. If it had 3g & a micro sd slot to expand the storage it would be perfect. Shame it doesn't have these. I've heard rumours of a 3g version but can't understand why they can't add a micro sd slot. I think most people would of been willing to pay a little more for a sd slot.
No micro SD.... Had me up﻿ till then
dosent top the﻿ ipad
google sold out by removing the sd﻿ card slot
I'm sticking with apple, but thanks for﻿ the review
Yeah, "way better then overprice Apple.. blah blah blah blah blah" well you know what, a wifi-only tablet is﻿ pretty outdated considering LTE data is available on almost all providers now. Unfortunately for all the Apple-haters, the Ipad Mini has both wifi-only AND LTE models.
other than the quad core processor and screen this﻿ is a basic tablet no lte, no sd card slot, no back facing camera i guess thats the trade of to get a quad core down to that price.
It is if google watched this video and fixed all your complains... a 32gb model, 3g radio, landscape and support for multiple users !!! God google﻿ is really a great company!
Nexus 7 now rotates!!! Pity it won't connect﻿ to my PC still though, comon Google and make a decent USB driver. I have just ordered a Bluetooth keyboard for mine.
iPad mini > nex 7﻿
Oh yeah. The extra $100 for an iPad Mini is worth it. This﻿ looks like thick junk.
The one thing I hate about Android tablets and phones is how they remove the MicroSD slot. There's no reason to do it so don't do it. This and the One X would be perfect if they had﻿ a damn card slot...
they should have increased the screen﻿ size or cut the bezel
Apple>Google,Samsung,Asus,Sony,Android You're argument is invalid﻿ android fanboy
Depends﻿ on what you need. The biggest difference is the processor, where the Galaxy is absolutely due, but the quad core from the nexus is faster. The other is is the lack of SD-card slot on the Nexus, while the Galaxy has it. Depends on what you need!
I﻿ would get this right now... But there's no back camera... now I'm confused..
i feel disapointed when i saw the nexus live is﻿ very very small!
Ipad mini﻿
It doesn't stack up to other 7 inch tablets. The other tablets blow the﻿ Mini out of the water.
I feel the same way...I'm waiting﻿ for the HSPA 32GB - for that price; it's a no-brainer.
i have been looking into﻿ which one to get and finally made up my mind to get this one...despite the poor audio compared to the Kindle Fire HD, but now ive been put off of this by the fact that it doesn't rotate.......what a shame.
The problem with Apple's iPad mini is not the way it looks in fact it is a very capable device. The problem with Apple's iPad is that the software is stale and boring. Lack of widgets and that processor in the iPad mini is beast enough to run 100 widgets at once with no﻿ sweat!! My goodness if the mini were capable of running android there would be stampedes at apple stores everyday.
Too bad Apple has over 200,000 tablet optimized apps and Google barely has any. When Android developers finally start taking advantage of these new android tablets' bigger screens I will take their tablets seriously. It's just﻿ a shame really. The hardware is there, the OS is there, but the app ecosystem isn't.
i[ad mini is supperior in﻿ every way, except for the hd
I had a Nexus 7 but I returned it because the screen was coming loose on it. but now I have the black 32GB iPad mini and it is a great tablet for gaming, watching movies,﻿ and reading books on it.
This device seems about﻿ a year out of date considering the specs and price.
I liked the 10" version b/c it had a full HDMI port as well as a full SD and USB 2.0 - that sold me on the Thrive. This 7" version though, I don't﻿ see the point.
I will surely be sticking with my 10.1 thrive , nice review though.﻿
love my 10.1... Except for the screen﻿ lol
Frankly, this looks like shit! I am not an apple fanboy (don't own anything by Apple) but their IPad﻿ looks really nice.﻿
Doesn't look bad but﻿ the circle around the camera looks childish.
The Kindle Fire by Amazon. It's pretty﻿ good (if you live in the USA).
Why do companies put both speakers on the﻿ bottom side when holding in portrait? Who watches movies in portrait mode?
I hear you. Skinny tablets look better but are harder﻿ to hold onto.
a price point of $299 would make it an altogether more attractive purchase. alas its better to pay another $100 and simply buy﻿ the iPad2.
Can this charge only through the proprietary cable? Or can it also charge through the USB? The former really does suck cause﻿ the cable head looks rather big.
I have noticed that the Samsung Galaxy has a crisper and more vivid look to it's video"s than the Toshiba Thrive has.﻿
nexus 7 is better﻿
I'm sure there are tablets of the same size which are better available now. This tablet is almost 1 year old, so comparing this tablet to the Nexus﻿ 7 is apples to oranges. The thrive is a great tablet with expandable micro sd capabilities. As always, technology advances and we are left pondering whether we should upgrade or not. As for the commenters who feel the need to compare a tablet released in 2012 (Nexus 7) to a tablet out since early 2011 (Thrive), you are stating the obvious.
is the iconia better than the transformer? it seems a bit﻿ faster :P
eee pad transformer out classes iconia tab, iconia tab has issues with honeycomb and some serious bug with wifi connectivity. May be future updates on firmware﻿ will be different but for now eee pad leads the way for honeycomb.
I ordered the iconia a101 7" is﻿ ideal for me to carry around,
I own the Transformer. I've played around with it for about three weeks. A review like this is nice but in my opinion, Google needs to come up with an iTunes type of store. We can talk comparison all day but at the end of the day it's about what content is available for it, games, podcasts, movies, etc. Apple so far has Google beat in that department and until Android catches up﻿ in that﻿ department, Apple will be the front runner!
Motorola﻿ Xoom
Samsung﻿ Galaxy Tab 10.1
It's completely your call. The iPad is more expensive and has a very 'simple' GUI--personally, walsl of tiles annoy me. Android is much more dynamic and customizable. However, the iPad has more apps and lighter weight. The Transformer can transform into a pseudo-netbook with the keyboard dock which the iPad can't do, as well as support usb ports through the dock. The iPad doesn't. There's no way to draw a definitive which-is-better line,﻿ it's entirely dependent on you.
iPAD 2 is my choice, ﻿ is the best.
Had one, what a piece﻿ of sh&t.
Hi everyone. I just bought one of this and I keep having problems with games I installed, such as X-Men, Spiderman, Hero Of Sparta, etc... The games crash after a few seconds of gameplay. The error is something like "The application was forced to stop..........." (sorry, it's in portuguese). Aren't this games for this tablet? What﻿ do I have to do? Many thanks.
Developers,﻿ providers, whoever, please do something about this reader, its G*ddamn boring, LMAO. This made my day. I'm getting one soon. Can't wait!!
Hi do you know how to close th windows of the aplications? because when i open one of them and then go to the desktop i realize that all my aplications are open and i couldnt﻿ find out how to close it. I know that is a kind of silly thing but is a little annoying. Thank you for your answer from Argentina!
After I updated my TF,﻿ my streaming video on Amazon has started to lag and is real jumpy. Is it because of the Flash player? Any help would be greatly appreciated...
hi everybody i cant see﻿ subtitle when i connecting tv
i have one﻿ and my camera is having troubles it says that it cant connect to the camera,any advice on how to fix it?
Mine had the same problem. ﻿ Moisture damage
Too bad the keyboard doesn't﻿ double as a Bluetooth keyboard... :..(
awesome video. I especially like the﻿ bloopers.. ps.. I want one!!! too bad they already sold out :(
too bad you cant get the transformer anywhere. :[ plenty of gingers though ;D﻿
Does anyone get disappointed by the lack of mobile connection ?﻿ You can only use it with Wifi ...
Yeah, but my point is that you could be able to use only a tablet (who needs a 4 inches screen, when you have a 10 one in hand ?) I understand that, as it wasn't announced, I shouldn't be﻿ expecting it, however, all the others have. It sounds like a problem... (Maybe it's also because in the US, Wifi zones are like everywhere, but here, in France ( you may have understood I wasn't English/American, because of my English, lol), you're lucky if you find a free access Wifi "in the wild"
You didn't mention the almost razor sharp bezel on the back, or the fact that the rear facing camera is still not working right. Lot's of other little issues too. Nitpicky, yes, but everyone that reviews﻿ these seems to overlook flaws.
while this seems a great device. i still dont see the point of having tablets especially since the newest tablets have almost the same spec as the newest smartphones (samsung galaxy S2) the only difference is bigger display and slightly different OS version. i can see myself buying one﻿ when the specs at least tops notebooks at a similar price.
Waste of money. Buy﻿ a netbook. Its hella cheaper
I just ordered this (with the keyboard) and I very much look forward to carrying this around rather than the laptop. I spent a couple of semesters lugging a full laptop from class to class & I remember being so﻿ envious of the netbooks that I saw. The extra weight combined with all of the text books was enough to provide cheap laughs as I dared people to lift my bag. I just wish that I didn't have to wait for the delivery truck.
What about the poor resolution of﻿ the cameras ? about the poor results of the 720p videos? If we want to buy any tablet we would like also the cons, not only the pros like everything was awesome about it... what about the lack of 3g ?...
I want to get on of these so bad but the price is still too much for me﻿ I hope they lower it.
price is high. i guess its better to spend a little more money and get ipad ;-)﻿
Very good, slick review as always. I think she﻿ should have spent more time talking about the price, though, which is the main reason not to buy this.
It was such a let﻿ down on the price.
even if﻿ it was better than the ipad, youd still wouldnt buy it
Its a great tablet but its so freaking expensive that I'd rather buy the iPad if I﻿ needed a tablet
What do you mean, 'thankfully'? I would LOVE to use this Dom Joly﻿ style. =D
ipads﻿ better...
Kinda﻿ useless if you already have an android phone....hence why I got the crapple shitpad and SEX10....best of both worlds
LOL duh obvious choice.......BLACKBERRY PLAYBOYBOOK :D﻿
I'd still﻿ rather have an ipad :)
too much butts :D ﻿
Looks ugly and cheap.﻿ Disign is like in 30$ and 10 year old phone
that thing has a lot﻿ of problems. i still love the ipad...
Pure copy of ipad, but socks lol﻿
I sold my iPhone and bought the Galaxy S i9000 and just a few days ago i sold my iPad and bought the Galaxy Tab and to be honest i am way more than satisfied with both devices. i am amazed by the capabilities of android, however, to be honest i miss the PREMIUM feel to the apps found on the itunes app store comparing to the Android market, however, i noticed that more and more cool apps and﻿ gams are showing up on the market but until they clean up Apple wins that area
is that﻿ fat thing supposed to be a phone or more like an i-pad?
true its a neat gadget, supports flash and all but for 630 bucks they are out of their fucking minds,﻿ and i aint gettin no new contract just to give em money every month, i'll buy an ipad for 130 bucks less or even better a Notion Ink Adam for 200 less than that, seriously its almost like this tablet is a scam
If the﻿ iPad looks like a big iPhone this jus looks like a big sanding galaxy. I'll stick with my iPad
The iPad Eats the galaxy﻿ tab!!
If people say iPad is useless, than this is even more useless. The iPad's Appstore is way bigger﻿ and looks better anyway.
It's crap like﻿ everything else that has SAMSUNG written on it! Same applies to LG!
like i said Too﻿ big for pocket and too small for a Bag
I'd tottally get this over my iPad, but the only downside is I hear it sense you to mobile versions of﻿ the website, and some I have in mind do not let you go back to the full version if you get sent to the mobile. So I think I will wait and stick to my iPad, if it wouldn't do that I'd buy 2 of them. But I mainly browse, and that's a major downside for me.
really? I think my iPad﻿ is better honestly.
@dmw613 it﻿ depends on what your using it for. I just wish my iPad was alittle smaller. Other then that it's fine.
agreed man, like i said just an﻿ opinion. i haven't owned a galaxy tab but from what I see i'd like my ipad more for games and browsing but the galaxy tab for portability.
ipad copy ﻿
210 likes, Aren't they have enough﻿ money to get the ipad? :D
iPad blows the galaxy tab back to the﻿ stone age.
Is there a 'tab' with windows 7? This just looks like﻿ an oversized mobile phone.
Wow... So much stuff, that NOBODY NEEDS!@!@ GET THE $@^# OFF OF YOUR COUCH, TURN OFF THAT %^@&^& PIECE OF %^%# TELEVISION AND GO﻿ LIVE YOUR LIVES AWAY FROM A #%^@@ SCREEN THAT COSTS 500$
Ipad still the winner﻿
it would be fun screwing around﻿ with it, but i think i'd prefer screwing around with her. XD
A tab for educational purposes and personal amusement or a﻿ tool for distraction and absolute nonsense....ummmm food for thought you decide
its been banned becuase this ripps off ipad so bad. the﻿ books are 100% ipad the whole thing is an ipad clone.
@SuperKayProductions i'm from europe. its banned here﻿
will take the girl﻿ anytime and leave the damn phone
I have the TAB, it gets really slow after a while of owning it, and benchmarks show its really weak (though, they say its cause of the higher resolution). Over all, its a bad purchase and experience, the﻿ browser acts up a lot, the apps force close a lot, and there is no Gingerbread update for the US version available. It is also not supported by Samsung KIES, which will give u headaches. The lack of updates and no Gingerbread will leave this device vulnerable. Advice....steer clear of it.
Screen is﻿ too small, resolution isn't great, sluggish. Looks cheap and tacky. Dont waste time and money, stick to the best which is Apple.
1 Ghz processor speed.....come on man that's slower than a﻿ pentium celeron
The Ipad 2 < is﻿ better because is faster in myn apn.
i think they﻿ are copying APPLE. -.-
Samsung galaxy tab is an amazing tab, but when i bought it 3 days after usage,﻿ it becames with a oil spot in the middle of the screen! I expect that Samsung will respond for this problem! Otherwise, better﻿ look for another android tablet!
On the Kindle Fire, you can install apps from Android Market or Amazon Marketplace. Nook blocked that a couple days ago which means I﻿ won't be buying one.
personily i dont like ereaders but this ones is alright but for 250$ come on. YOu could get the blackberry playbook for a little bit more and and size 16 32 64 for﻿ the same price and there adding in android apps and it has one of the best cameras on a tablet thumbs up if you agree
B&N cu service sucks. I spoke to a rep a week ago & they said they would replace my charger & I should get it in 2-5 days. It's been a week so I followed up, they said they could not update my info thats why it wasn't sent. I had to end up ordering one online.﻿ Great tablet but cu service sucks bad.
its been over 7﻿ months and still have not recived the charger
Eww nook is ugly..i would buy it for﻿ a child...
yes but only﻿ within 1 gb space, if that 1 gb is full then you can not.
no way the nook sucks.......kindle fire you can﻿ either buy movies books or tv shows or you can be a prime member for 79 bucks a yr and get that stuff unlimited,with unlimited cloud storage.....cmon now.......I use my kindle more than my samsung galaxy tab.....smdh
Book﻿ store tablet. Lmfao haha garbage.
Might as﻿ well get a nexus 7
look people, the﻿ only company that can make REAL and smooth tablets is Apple... Not coming from an apple fanboy, just coming from a realist person. (btw im a samsung fanboy)
I used to love Barnes and Noble until they robbed me of $250. whyiwillneverdealwithbnagain.b­logspot.com I'm sorry to spread it this way, but I'm seriously angry and also want to let people know what kind of﻿ stuff happens behind﻿ the scenes.
I'm sorry, but that looks﻿ fucking hideous
What a piece of junk. The screen is way too small. One gigabyte of storage would﻿ fill up quickly. I can read e-books on my notebook computer. It's just like with cooking and working on a car, you don't need a specialized gadget to do every little thing.
When it first came out I would﻿ have given the device a 4 out of 5 because it was one of the cheaper devices on the market. But that was when every tablet regardless of size was $500 and the Dell Streak 7 was only $350. Now, there are far better devices on the market for a lot cheaper. The Nexus 7 or Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 if you absolutely need a sd card. Both can be had for less than $250 new.
i have it and i give it a 3 because the first week it shut off on me like when it was almost dead and i had to﻿ restart it but its ok and i got it on a one day sale for 150 so guess not to bad lol
A 2 or 3 is a realistic review for the device currently. Considering you only paid $150, it should get a +1. I used to have the same problem﻿ with mine when I had it. It used to get stuck and the only thing I could do was let the battery run down and allow it to reset that way. I just chalked up the problems to it being one of the first 7" Android devices on the market.
2:32 ! Sorry about that!, it's a good tablet?, i'm planning﻿ to own it!, seems to be slow
do nota buy this i﻿ bougt one for christmas and by the end of january it stoped working so icall lenovo and they bring a technicall service tp my home and after review they told me that thy dont have the components to fix it and that they wont fix it so i get a 500 usd brick please dont buy this tablet get a galaxy tab or anythin but this
I was going to buy this﻿ right now at bestbuy, but checked the review, after seeing how slow it is and how unresponsive, i will go for somethin else.
the kindest thing i can say about this video is its a good guide to android. not the Viewpad. Anyways the cpu in this﻿ machine is really disappointing.
I miss dual-core 1 MHz Processor and cameras above than 5 MP. Also LTE or 4G internet﻿ connection protocol.
Absolutely horrible customer service, including the supervisor. Having issues with no help. Never buying a viewsonic again. Poor construction, errors, and worthless and rude support. It will work well for a few months then things﻿ begin to fail....guaranteed. I will post negative feedback every chance I get or until my issue is resolved.
oversized iphone 4 lol!!﻿
It is a tabletized iPhone 4.﻿
The software update doesn't work on this tablet (so you're forever stuck at Froyo) and besides Fring, it doesn't have any application that uses the front camera. So technically, the front camera is rather useless if you are after video calling. Its only function is to take pictures﻿ or use it as a mirror. (Tango does support webcam-ing using the back camera which is pretty much useless.)
Plus it's a bit laggy if you already have a lot of apps installed and it doesn't have that much internal storage (around 150mb) :( (Apps2sd won't do much since the whole app﻿ doesn't really get stored in the SD card, a part of it stays in the internal memory and gradually increases its size in respect to the apps usage. +: all of the things that were stated in the video are all true. :)
Droid scares me...﻿ Have y'all seen the website? Omg the while sound effects it had a freaky. And this commercial is pretty neat, except that Verizob is going all out trying to make this phone seem very cool... Wen it's really isn't.
Motorola: please stop dropping Chinese﻿ sh^t on the American consumer.
iPhone﻿ still the best..multi-touch screen, best looking iPod,faster Internet,over one million apps, and looks great!...that just the basic thing apple came out 2 years ago...I mean if making sumthing! y copy or try to beat that came out 2 years ago...THINK AHEAD!
jmoney - I agree﻿ with you that android is nice but opensource doesnt mean its better. in fact it can mean its worse! just look at what killed Atari! I say that the iphone is the overall winner here and if droid does well it's only cause people don't want ATT not cause its better than iphone. so stop drinking your LinuxAID!
its just another fucking phone.﻿
Nice,﻿ but the iPhone is still better. And when the iPhone can be used on Verizon and Sprint, it will be even better.
iphone is﻿ better lol
wow .. iphone﻿ is just going to get better and better as the year passes by, basicly every touch phone is trying to mimic the iphone. Geez
iPhone has sleeker UI, but lacks a physical keyboard, and a good network for actually using﻿ it as a phone.
Another dubbed the "iphone killer" that eventually fail in a few month. Just watch, they are all the same. Then start to sue Apple, like what Nokia﻿ did, out of the blue for some stupid shit cause they are losing. Problem with other phone maker is they don't listen to consumers, they do it for the profit. Apple listen. They should invest themselves in some EARS.
wow the Motorola DROID phone﻿ is crapy just as the commercial.
Yawnn.﻿ Another one will bite the dust. 
This was supposed to﻿ beat the iPhone but once again the marketing department has failed with their campaign.
Umm there iz no competion against the iPhone!! This ph iz not gonna do well lol!! Good job verizonwireless wat a﻿ waste of money on technology!!
the phone is great and all, however it is so ugly with the﻿ gold colored accents.
Dude I do know how too spell!! Plus I don't think I need to correct anything frm a comment!! Plus I spell watever way I want don't need people to critisize me!!﻿ I think they get the point on making a shitty ph that can't even come close 2 the iPhone!! Wow that ph even needs a slide out keyboard seriously!! There flat also so u can even push the wrong letter!! Speaking of misspelling!!
I think it looks great overall, but I have to agree about the gold﻿ colored accents, makes it looks like an old school calculator
I'm sorry but the iPhone iz the best phone ever made!! Plus there still gonna come out with new﻿ features!! N more apps :)
haha the droid got raped in sales compared to﻿ the iphone 3gs. droid=100,000 in 3 days iphone 3gs= 1 million in 3 days
1 million trendy losers. Driod kicks iphones ass, Verizon's 3g kicks AT&Ts ass. An iphone is like a padlock﻿ with a touch screen. iphones will have keyboards soon. watch . . .
iPhone still﻿ better
the droid came out on﻿ my birthday but i still think the iphone is better!
the droid is such a pos. gold d-pad on a phone with a touchscreen. how redundant is that.﻿ it has 4 buttons on the front. pointless.
The Droid X is better RIP﻿ Droid 1 Rest in pease
the original droid is the best one, Droid X sucks all it is is a touch screen no physical slide out keyboard, and its﻿ locked down 2 times more then the original droid was, you cant do crap on the Droid X that you could on the original Droid verizon locked to much of Droid X down
oh yes I know thanks to the way android is made you can do anything on those phones the﻿ only problem is is the fact that verizon locks down so much shit it irritates the hell out of me big time thats why I prefer the original vs the droid x and droid 2
You're not﻿ the droid I'm looking for! D:<
The galaxy tab all the way or the new tranformer prime. And if you don't mind﻿ ios the ipad.
I dont see why Motorola released these two﻿ tablets..they are already obsolete
They look sleek and stylish, quality built etc. I'm just﻿ not seeing them succeeding when they're pricing themselves so close to the iPad. I mean is the productivity even there to justify 600-700 dollars? Could it offer content like the Kindle Fire or Nook tablet. I think that's where these OEM manufactures are missing the mark. They need to offer content and define a purpose for plopping down so much money. 600 dollars could buy a decent laptop with 200 dollars left over for a Kindle Fire.
if the 8.9 buttons werent on the back﻿ i would buy one
I agree. I like the hardware, but Honeycomb is weak and you can't beat the﻿ iPad 2 by pricing it the same and offering similar specs. You have to beat Apple on specs or price to have a chance.
They should have waited for﻿ ICS to come out before releasing them.
The XYBOARD, actually. Feels better in the hand - very light, but solid. Also, we had some issues with the 8.9's performance. But with that said, I'd not spend my﻿ money on either, honestly.
Pretty much. Why buy a pretender when you could have the real deal for a similar price? That's why I think the Kindle Fire and Nook Tablet have a real chance at succeeding. They aren't trying to go toe to toe with apple on hardware-rather they're making a case by offering lots of content at an affordable mass market price﻿ with their tablets.
I thought 4A batteries were﻿ discontinued?
dont like it: tablet wise: doesn't compared to the ASUS. stylus board: not as precise and enjoyable as the samsung﻿ note
Ill wait till﻿ a ICS tablet comes out on Motorola
Seriously, why do they bother to give﻿ you these pens? Your only going to end up loosing it and I thought we had moved on from using them these day's?
Writing with stylus is too lagy, my 10 year old pocket﻿ pc works better than this.
ICS has been out for almost﻿ 2 months now and the hardware is also old (in terms of technology)
I still find it hard to justify a tablet when my android smartphone does the same thing. Yes, its nice to have more screen real-estate, but I'd end up doing the same things I do﻿ on my 4.3" smartphone.
imo this is a great product, the problem is honeycomb, even with the transformer prime there is a small stutter every now and then, and that tablet﻿ is extremely powerful, so with that said its not the performance of the hardware but of the os thats holding them back, hopefully ICS will make a difference. Overall i think google is doing an amazing job considering this is their first tablet os, not to mention these android tablets were first introduced in early 2011 and have come a long way since
wish it has a﻿ wifi hope there will be one later on
I would either wait for the Asus Transformer Prime which will be available in more markets in the﻿ next 2 months. Or the upcoming iPad 3 if you want a big phone. it should be coming sometime in Feb. But i would choose the Transformer over the iPad
my 10.1 has frozen then I powered down and now it wont turn back on any﻿ thoughts??
the 8.2 cannot be used with a sytylus?﻿
the﻿ design is sickkk
BAHAHAHAHA! WHAT A PIECE OF FUCK!!!﻿ iPad ftw!!!
Seems like a good﻿ tablet but I'll wait for a price drop and bug fixes.
OS by Microsoft and made﻿ in China... I'll stick with my iPad.
Hello techbargains.. Pretty fair review of the thinkpad slate tablet.. Though I will take issue with the problems reported while in the charging dock.. My tablet lives in its dock and i have﻿ not experienced any problems as you describe. ALSO, now that Android 4.0 is released, the thinkpad tablet will ugrade itself quite nicely.. I DO agree about the glossy nature of the screen, it sould be less reflective, a lot less.. All in all, a very nice thinkpad.
Record thumbs down? Count how many then tell me the record. Also, I speak from experience of using Lenovo and Microsoft product they are just not stable. As for Apple, I just upgraded to iOS﻿ 6 and its a major dissappoinemt.
The iOS 6 upgrade took away my YouTube and prevented me from using apps like notability well like before. Still I satisfied with my iPad because it is stable and does not crash like or﻿ slow down like the others.
Dell﻿ streak 5 was way better
get﻿ a Nook and root it
What a crock these devices are. The local Best Buy has the kiosk with them on display. You can﻿ see the retail boxes under the display though the cage doors. It's still full and has been since they got the shipment of the 5'' Streaks in.
I don't like this, I'll take﻿ my iPad and Galaxy Tab any day.
How is the battery life? I hear﻿ it's not great... Anyways, the screen looks awful.
it looks nice. i'd rather have a galaxy tab or wait for the hp﻿ touchpad :D go HP!
Terrible viewing angles on that﻿ screen.
The only A-grade tablets to consider in 2011, will be (in no particular order) the Motorola Xoom, Apple iPad2, HP TouchPad﻿ and (maybe) the BlackBerry PlayBook.
I dont really see the point﻿ in getting a tablet if all they're just going to do is run the same OS as your phone
oh god﻿ the tablet fad
i just looked at the specs and it would be great but the screen is 480﻿ by 800 thats fine for a 4 inch smart phone but 7 inches? its a horrible screen
zoom is better﻿
this tablet sucks. be patient, save your money, and by a playbook, xoom, (or if you have tmobile) get the g-slate that comes out april 20th. look at those before you blow your money on a tablet you﻿ will just return
get the laptop the dual﻿ screen acer iconia laptop lol if not then yeah
if you don't really mind the price..the ACER ICONIA!!!!﻿
Looks so laggy for dual-core and that﻿ screen looks horrible.
This technology is ancient and the design is anti-ergonomic. I dont know﻿ why people buy tablets. Maybe because they'd buy everything as long as they think they have bought some new hip ideas. I will buy something like that as soon as it's bendable and foldable.
Why doesnt asphalt come on my dell streak 7? I cant get﻿ it on the market either, whats wrong?
streak 5﻿ is better
@socaldude83 I don't mean to a be snob but the iPad is 10x better than the dell﻿ streak 7..... If u ask me if want to ugrade your iPad you should of went with a tablet from Samsung or Asus. Plus amazon just released it's tablet which only cost 200 dollars
I have one of these. It is wi-fi only. Some apps can be used without internet. I'm not happy with this at all. It is terribly buggy. Right now mine is frozen. The Home light﻿ is lit but the device will not power up.
@mnmalthaf Look at the﻿ GS30 that is quite a tablet
It﻿ seems lagging :s
LOL TRYING TO﻿ COPY IPAD , STOP IT PEOPLE
Its sucks the﻿ software needs to be update or hacked
I just ordered mine to me﻿ the resolution is awesome not doesn't really have that washed out look like the HTC Flyer even though that has better battery life
bring me somefing better﻿ than this shit..
big﻿ Android :DD
does the﻿ screen look less plastic look a like because it appears to me that it looks a little like plastic
I hear the﻿ battery life on the Dell Streak 7 is the lowest of any 7 inch tablet. What what I have read 3-4 hours for continuous use.
Can any body tell why I can not use this gadget as normal phone in India. DEl streak 7 does not allow voice data transfer and can not receive calls.﻿ It may be blocked in US but not in other countries. Dr Varma
I HATE the﻿ search button!
I think I like the my Samsung 7" from last year better than this Acer model. I have an Acer laptop but the build quality has a rather cheap quality to it. Samsung makes quality products that can compete with Apple products. ﻿
Why Acer included a home button﻿ on this tablet baffles me when they put Honeycomb on it, especially when the A500 never had it. Very odd decision from them.
@InfaRed5Tech i mean depends the acer iconia has hdmi out out of the box and sd card which galaxy tab doesnt provide but﻿ the tab is light thinner better to hold
Been hearing this product has terrible battery life. Better﻿ get something else.
I'm not jumping on the tablet bandwagon until the quadcore processor tablets hit the market, which will be﻿ very soon. Good review as usual tho LIsa :)
I love the idea of a 7" Honeycomb tablet, but my goodness does that thing﻿ look awkward with the really narrow top and bottom bezel and huge side bezels. Not to mention the back that looks like the lid of a laptop from 2005. Really disappointed in Acer with this one.
dissipation battery﻿ life..
"looks a little dated" way﻿ to call it like you see it. meow =3 #LOL
galaxy tab 10.1﻿ ftw!!
The A100's battery life sucks.. It's the only reason﻿ why I'm not gonna buy it.. If it runs 5 hours out of 1500ma then it should do pretty well if they included a 4000ma.
Wow that viewing angle﻿ is horrible. I have the A500 and it's pretty decent.
2﻿ battery modules but only 5 hours ?
i suggest u stay away frm android malwares before u loose ur passwords and credit﻿ card balance.
I have one A100 tablet. my question is how is your a100 wireless signal strength? mine﻿ from a 16ft distance, it drops to half, and at 50ft distance, it has no signal at all. in comparison, my ipod touch 4g has full bar at 16ftt and 50% bar at 50ft away.
I remember that it only has 512 MB ram instead of﻿ 1 GB.
is there any way of disabling﻿ that home button. I feel like I will press it a lot when doing something important. I also think its a bit redundant since gingerbread has a home button already.
Great tablet. Love the size but definitely not the battery though. But overall compact and great tablet on﻿ the go.
The﻿ bottom bar is HUGE in landscape...
Thanks for the reply. I just bought﻿ it last sunday anyway hoping it would have it. Would the A500 be better or are they just basically the same thing only a wee bit smaller?
the only thing i hate﻿ is the battery life.
pretty﻿ bad. 5 hours.
galaxy tab has 2.3.3﻿ gingerbread ;)
Stereo speakers both on one side of a﻿ tablet?? Heh, funny.
Wow viewing angles are BAAADDD. Thanks for﻿ this.
Dont forget that the A500 has a full size USB port. That is a pretty big deal for some with thumb drives or keyboards etc.. Of course the A500 has higher resolution as well. My phone is a 4.3" screen Evo so the jump to the A100 isnt enough. I think the A500 is the best value in tablets right now. You can get one﻿ for $350ish without much effort. I just wish the screen was better. It feels kind of plastic, like it may scratch easy. I wish they would all just use Gorilla Glass.
Watching this on my far far far far superior iPad 2. Apple is﻿ sooooooo much better
The Kindle app works perfectly on my A100. I was actually just reading on it now before going on youtube, also from my A100. I love this tablet so far, 3 weeks into ownership. Though the stereo speakers both being on the same side when watching video﻿ is just plain weird.
Why not consider an ebook reader that's easier on the﻿ eyes.
We wish. The screen picks up fingerprints like crazy and when you tap it you﻿ can tell it's plastic, not glass. The folks at Acer told us it isn't Gorilla Glass. corninggorillaglass do com/products-with-gorilla/acer
The USB port is Slave, so it´s not posible to connect a﻿ usb keyboard or pendrive?
The USB port is Slave, so it´s not posible to connect﻿ a usb keyboard or pendrive?
The USB port is Slave,﻿ so it´s not posible to connect a usb keyboard or pendrive?
"NVIDIA Tegra 2 dual core﻿ CPU with multi-touch screen that plays full 1080p video. " This means that it will not play high profile 1080 video. That sucks.
Yes, it can play 1080p movies, but has some frame drops, although not too﻿ bad.
just bought﻿ this yesterday! :D im still trying to figure this out tho lmao the aim app wont work -___-
how did u work on flash player? mine is not working?? please tell me.﻿ thanks
MobileTechReview :how did u work on flash player? mine is not working please tell﻿ me? thanks
is the﻿ battery life really that low?
Hey Lisa, i posted earlier abt buying 2 of them after watching your review. I got 2 of them BUT Please add to your review about how BAD the microphone is on this. I am returning both. The mic quality is just unacceptable. I bought these as gifts to my parents so that they could skype﻿ with family. The basic requirement is not met here. Figured this is a widespread problem Otherwise its a good tab
I bought one of these tonight but I'm gonna return it tomorrow. I like it, but the battery life absolutely sucks and and the viewing angles render it unusable. I use my tablets in portrait mode 95% of the time & the way the backlight is set up makes the right side of﻿ the screen noticeably dimmer than the left unless I hold it at a certain angle in landscape mode. I start to get eyestrain after about 5 minutes, and that's a major dealbreaker for me. Pity, this is such a nice tablet otherwise :/
just bought one on ebay for 275 with 16GB and case kinda regretted buying﻿ one. since its 7inch
Sony s﻿ tablet
Just picked up the Kindle Fire. Personally I like it more﻿ then this Acer. I just hate that it requires a credit card even though I want free apps.
Y the﻿ hell would u tilt it to look at it like that anyway? You dont do that to look at tv.oh I dont want it cuz I cant see the screen from the side
funny get a samsung galaxy tab﻿ 10.1
just got myne i enjoy it so far but trying to close the items on the left (the 3 button on the bottom) I cant seem to figure it﻿ out
Dell Streak 7 ﻿
The Acer Iconia Tab A100 is not a good choice. I had an Acer Iconia Tab A100 and it broke in three months. I would recommend if you still want an Acer Iconia Tab is to buy the Acer Iconia﻿ Tab A500 or W500.
The good nrews is connection to Computer Via USB cable is easy The bad﻿ news is. playing games that is pre-installed got bugs like force stop working. so dose the internet explore dose the same thing. I checked for firware update. there is none I cannot use apps that is pre-installed and it stops working. No resion why. it simply stops. No tech support eather. Not worth it
this thing has so many issues. My father got it﻿ for my mother and it drives her crazy with problems
This model okay except for the lack of 3g. Perhaps I will wait for a couple of﻿ months before buying a tablet.
the battery life is what ruined this﻿ tablet.
i use it alot wen im on the field lol its very durable an i bought it a month ago based on a friend n ur review 8D fits right in my side pocket.....Bluetooth is good﻿ but like always... can shorten batt life 8(
the stupid new update made my device slow on the internet! how can I fix﻿ it
I have one it's a good tablet but i don't understand why there﻿ is 2 home touch buttons...
I have one it's a good﻿ tablet but i don't understand why there is 2 home touch buttons...
DO NOT BUY THIS FROM GAMESTOP! I bought﻿ 8 and gave to friends, and I had to return ALL of them because they wouldn't work properly!
Dunno about this vid but high profile 720p lags, even if you instal﻿ BSPlayer it still kinda lags, and 1080p..dead meat.
how do u ﻿ play 1080. its laggy
The battery life lasts two and half a﻿ hours for me
Nexus 7 is way better then this tablet in every way, EXCEPT that Acer has a rear﻿ facing camera where Nexus 7 only has a webcam.
As useful﻿ as a three-legged horse
I was thinking that myself, but then I actually bought a nexus. It is much better, although I have lots of extra cloud storage on mine.﻿
I had one, got it replaced, the new one was crap too, if your going to spend money on a tablet get the iPad 2 at walmart and do the upgrade online,﻿ you'll never want another one!
Hmm, i never trusted moterola, but anyway really nice review,﻿ technical problems are kinda.. wierd though, It seems good overall though.
It's entirely possible, which is somewhat surprising given that it and other animated backgrounds are included on the system, automatically slowing it down. The processor should easily be able to handle the background, even without apps running,﻿ but it couldn't. Jeff
It isnt the Xoom's fault that an App doesnt work. Its the developers. Hence why they are always updating them for better optimization. And How can you expect perfect streaming on any device.. its always searching for stronger signals even on same network (3g/wifi) so to think you can match﻿ sitting in front of your flatscreen is quite stupid.
One thing that sets the iPad apart from other tablets is that it just works. Androids give﻿ you more functionality, but often apps don't work right.
I hear ya﻿ but i'll give up a few crappy apps for flash ANYDAY....
Ever since live backgrounds first came out, they make all android phones they run on slow down just the tiniest bit at times. Its not the end of the world, but its taking up CPU time to render and will reduce performance and battery life. This applies to all android phones and tablets. Despite this, the Xoom and Iconia and Transformer tablets are wonderful kick butt tablets. I would rather﻿ have one than any product from Cupertino.
ipad 2 all﻿ the way
Android/Zoom﻿ falls somewhere in the middle. Between Apple IOS which has the most apps but the worst OS and BB Playbook which has the best OS/user interface but the fewest apps.
Looks like a huge iphone 4 body.﻿
I wish﻿ they had called it "iPad 3".
I hate all the stupid people﻿ that suck up to apple!
I had my new﻿ ipad on sleep in my bag. And about 10-15 minutes later when I took it out it was cooking!!! It made my hand red!!! It still worked but now I know that I have to turn my ipad off before I put it in my bag. Also my old iPad 2 never had that problem. The new iPad gets worm when using it, but it cooks when in bags when on sleep!!!
Asus Transformer Prime beats the New iPad in every department , except﻿ screen resolution. It's also a more versatile device with the chiclet keyboard. Retina display ( you must have eagle eyesight to notice the difference ) 5MP camera , come on Apple , it's 2012. No standard USB port Heavier and thicker than iPad 2 No Flash support in the web browser Same CPU as the iPad 2 , "New" iPad should mean "faster" iPad before anything else. I don't know what Apple's trying to achieve here.
Sorry , but it seems Apple is losing its touch without Steve Jobs. Let's be honest , Steve Jobs was the heart and﻿ soul of Apple. Every update was an improvement when Steve Jobs was around. These improvements addressed PERFORMANCE in the first place. They were faster , not just having crisper screens and better cameras , that's why the iPad 2 and iPhone 4 were immensely successful , people "really" felt they were faster than their predecessors.
Dear jin37uk , Go back to the video where Dave﻿ was comparing the 3 generations of iPad , he mentioned that you really have to bring the display close to your eyes to notice the difference between the screen resolutions of the iPad 2 and iPad 3 , sorry mate but they're not as clear as day , you're entitled to think the iPad 3 is better than the Transformer Prime , but at the end of the day you get more for your money with the Transformer Prime
Some people have complained that it runs at 43﻿ degrees Celsius, and there have been people seeing battery life issues and Wi-Fi connectivity troubles as always.
Its new pad﻿ or retina display its remines a jail
Nice review! Isnt it "stuttering" a bit more than the iPad2 when navigating e.g. the picture album? Looked that way when i﻿ did a quick comparison the other day. Amazingly sharp screen though!
new-new ipad (4th gen) only has to have an hd camera in the front﻿ and people will upgrade :D
Apple is a joke. Samsung or Medion LIFETAB. Cheeper and﻿ much much better. FUCK APPLE :-D
Great enthusiastic review, however﻿ I think you forgot to mention one major flaw in the new iPad: Apple has forgotten to improve the front-facing camera! Just VGA quality for FaceTime and Skype is ridiculous. Everything else is excellent, right?
I know - stealing more money from the mugs who are stupid enough to﻿ buy it. ;) I'd have the ASUS any day. The iPad 2 should've had the 5mp camera (it was essentially 5mp, but Apple decided to shrink it down to 0.7mp for some stupid reason, yet keep its video recording capability...)
Yes indeed , some hardcore gamers reported that when playing high end games for long periods on the New iPad , the temperature soared to as much as 50 degrees Celsius , in my opinion that's an added feature﻿ to the New iPad , coz you can fry some eggs and sausages on the device whilst your playing your favorite game.
Is it just me or does anyone else think that "iPads" are just big iPhones that cant call or text anyone. They also cost around the same price as a MacBook﻿ air, so why you would buy a iPad is beyond me.
so this new ipad finally fixes the annoying crap of youtube being so slow????﻿
Should of put flash on the camera﻿
one con of apple devices is that you cannot change resolution you record videos﻿ with
By the time app developers take advantage of the new ipad features, another﻿ ipad will be out by then. So it would be logical to get the ipad 2, skip the 3 and then get the next one. Cool review but im getting the ipad 2
In the UK can you get the wifi AND 4g model? because i was planning on getting that one but now ive heard some rumors going around﻿ saying you cant.
no dude, keep your mac, i also have one and i want an ipad too but there﻿ is no reason to give your computer to have a hugh ipod touch
MacBook Pro !﻿
I personally feel, not many people are looking to get a sony tablet. Samsung tablets are better than any personally for me as they﻿ also the capability to make phone calls which is awesome. Also, they have great build quality and awesome screens. Nice review though!
I'm actually liking this tablet. Only things people might not like is the thickness and smaller screen. Other﻿ than that it's a well made tablet.
Meh. Im still rocking the iPad 1. When that thing finally breaks I'll get an android tablet. (unless the iPad﻿ gets flash)
Gay design﻿
sony makes the screens for the ipad so they're pretty good and they don't have commercials so most people don't know its coming out just like the htc jetstream and the thinkpad atblet samsung was publicized very well and because apple sued them in other﻿ countries it has been one of two tablets that have had commercials
I wish I could play my old PSP games from my PS3 on this tablet. I don't think this is possible﻿ though!
i dont see anything diff than millions of android tablet out there. Sony does﻿ not have a good history with electronic
Looks good but the only thing i dont﻿ like is the shape of it,
Touchscreen looks﻿ laggy.
It is a huge mistake pricing this the same as iPad 2. I like this tablet but I LOVE my iPad﻿ 2!!!!
I have that tablet and i change for the samsung 10.1. This tablet is good but i have to say that the samsung is way better. Sony has a boring software, the samsung is more colerfull and simple but a little bit childish, the design of the samsung is way better (thiner lighter and﻿ more versatile), the samsung screen is better, the battery and the speakers but the sony has sd card reader and usb! In my opinion the samsung is better in general!
I tried both on Android 3.1 and Galaxy Tab 10.1 kinda lagged and yes the screen﻿ on Galaxy is more colourful but the Sony S can get deeper blacks which makes the screen alot nicer, Samsung have changed most of the Honeycomb UI which is ugh, Sony has kept it stock Android. I thought the Sony Tablet S looked like a big fail but when I tried it out, OMG it fucking gorgous, dual speakers, the screen is soo smooth and nice UI. I love it.
I have the same issue putting the tab back in. Poor design on it.﻿
yes, i have a transformer and i love it :) but the transformer prime will be better﻿ :)
i messed around with one a few days ago. It had a browser colled "dolfin"﻿ and was absolutely seemless. even supported gesture shortcuts
Wow, Same price as an ipad, yet it's made out of plastic? and it runs Android? and it has horrible cheap looking Sony branded icons? and it hasn't got a hd camera... why sony why? I'll stick to my aluminium,﻿ emerald glass ipad any day over this crap ;D
@UncleMarioBoss @UncleMarioBoss I agree - it should be lightweight aluminium, 10.1 inch screen, the top part should be a full﻿ on surround sound speaker housing for awesome sound and it should have a great sony camera plus microphone. Should also come in 64G. Does look nice though.
theres only 1﻿ ipad!
sony tablet﻿ ASS!!!
ummm yea this kinda sucks.. il stick with my ipad 2﻿ :)
We're hardwired to like symmetry. A face with a bigger ear on one side is well...not as pretty as a symmetrical one. Have you seen the Nokia 5220? Asymmetric, therefore ugly --- (IMO) All I'm saying is, even though Sony makes fantastic hardware (hence why I own a ton of their stuff), they oughta take a page out of Apple's book. Build hardware around a good design, and not the other way around. Point in fact, the﻿ Nokia N9 and 800 Lumia. Beautiful phones built from the outside --> in.
Yah I played with it yesterday﻿ @India Sony Tablet launch and I was pretty Impressed with the quality and design. Though body could be little better but I guess they used plastic to keep the weight light...
OH MY GOD .. SORRY DUDE BUT YOU ARE STUPID .. I REGRET EVEEEEEEER THAT I BUYED SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB 10.1 .. IPAD 2 IS THE BEST TABLET IN THE WORLD .. I'M NOT A FAN OF APPLE I LOVE ANDROID AND THE GALAXY S2 IS THE BEST PHONE IN THE WORLD FOR ME ..﻿ but in the tablet's android is the worst .. i wish i buyed apple ipad 2 .. fuck you tab 10.1
without a doubt an ipad 2, the ipad 2 has 10 hours of battery and a bunch of apps has more apps than any other tablet out there﻿
the greatest tablet overall is the ipad 2 theres no doubt but it all comes down to what you need and what you need it for, for me the main difference between the ipad and the sony tablet is that the ipad is more entertaining, it has a lot of apps and lots of﻿ stuff to do and the sony seems to be more professional like for work or school and stuff like that, thats what i think
Welcome to Android. This is definitely one of the better devices which is sort﻿ of sad in a way. This is the biggest issue that prevents me from buying an Android tablet. They're great on paper but when you pick one up and try it you sort of wonder where all the awesome power is actually going. I don't care about new snazzy features, just give me a tablet that works smoothly. Hence, the iPad. People who disagree, show me an android tablet running 3.0 as smooth as the iPad runs iOS.
The UI looks really gay. Does it offer browser Flash plugin b'coz iPad doesn't but it still﻿ plays Youtube.
The thing is this: as I have an Iphone and Mac, i have apps already, itunes etc so its easier and i prefer the Ipad anyway so basically sadly, apple 4 life for me <3﻿
ass tab im﻿ sory sony this is ass
apple is the king im sory sony﻿ the tab is crab
Wi-Fi only ?? wtf ?﻿
Ipad is﻿ still the best.......
This is a crap......﻿
I'll wait﻿ for the Google tablet
@myownmedia I agree, I'd love the option of a 7 inch tablet. I like my iPad (1st generation, so even heavier!)﻿ but I'd love a 7 inch model for work.
This is the least laggy of the android tablets.﻿
Damn the android system always lags a lot like this one too. Now with Webos being open source I hope a good hardware vendor picks﻿ it up﻿ its much better than android in terms of responsiveness.
the guy who designed this piece of shit caseing deserves a﻿ hefty kick in the crutch, it LOOKS cheap and tacky fucksakes, bits of plastic that aint going to last, the plastic cover for the SD card slot, how longs that gonna last,
Some people said it has﻿ some issues with WIFI connection.. is it true?
Get an ipad﻿
ipad﻿ 2 and samsung galaxy tab 7.7 are much better and this comes from a sony fanboy but I still wait for ipad 3 ;)
I've had the Sony Tablet S for a while now. Loaded a bunch﻿ of Android apps on it, they all work. Uses SD card, which is a plus in my opinion. Problem? The antenna's range is quite limited. Meanwhile, the iPad's I've used from work connect to any open WiFi signal we need. I WILL be heading to the store for the iPad 3 when it comes out.
when you turn on a sony you cant help﻿ but turn it off
do NOT GET﻿ THIS tab it SUCKS
Shit, this is shit, I advice to wait﻿ for Windows 8
Can't compete﻿ with the iPad.
lol nothing can just a bunch of clons they have all the games andriod has﻿ no good games
laggggggggggg﻿
I love love love SONY.BUT THIS THING IS FUGLY .BAD﻿ SONY BAD.....
This thing﻿ is ugly!
the ipad 3 or whatever else you want to call it now runs on﻿ an A5X processor with quad core graphics that absolutely pawns this tab . sony better notch it up . :/
look at the lag on this piece of﻿ shit!
GET THE KINDLE FIRE Perfect FOR﻿ THAR
Too late, bought an ASUS transformer﻿ prime 32gb+docking for 300€ xD
ITS﻿ 2012 AND THEY GIVE US 1996 GAMES? FAIL
the design of hardware looks﻿ uncompleted...especially the back...
Made in China﻿ shit
its not features that STAND OUT LIKE YEAH U CANT DO WHAT I CAN. its the fluency....the feel of the device...the apps on the ipad are﻿ crazy fun and their abundance
And﻿ everyone says so like their proud of it... It seems that nobody understands how this is affecting global economies and the dangers of such trade deficits.
We understand it's affecting global﻿ economies. It's just that large companies don't care. They're making loads of profit.
This Tablet﻿ suckssssssssssssssss!
This looks like a﻿ tablet you would find in Pacific mall. Or some cheap bootleg Chinese grocery store.
I love Sony products but hate Android OS. Do you have any information about a Sony Windows﻿ tablet??
wow﻿ noo flash
Same idea...! It would look much better﻿ with Windows way... I got Sony Xperia S, and it's already android OS... I would love to try new tastes rather than android android android....fuu...bored....!
Apple OS is better﻿ !
Transformer infinity﻿
wow. so not only is the design ugly, it takes forever to open the apps. Nice job Sony.﻿ /s
hey yourself, Nicky. Question. Were your parents blood relation or did you just smoke so much pot that THAT was the wittiest defense for Sony's chubby little tablet that you could muster on such limited brain power? I only ask since the brain power required﻿ to make a tablet that looks thicker than a PS3 in 2011 is probably still double the brain power that it took to come up with 'hey microshit'. You should design a tablet of your own.
Thats not the point of the conversation but no, i dont buy Apple and for what i see i know more about foxconn than you... no need to call me a jerk, i can also call you many things. Be informed and keep buying chinese junk whatever the brand, your country will thank you. Clearly people are just ignirant of﻿ whats happening, but again... I recommend whatching the "dead by china" movie... now even Sony is making things in China, thats my point. Jerk? Grow up pls.
I have now come to the conclusion..that the﻿ Ipad 2 is better.
Its very light and quite comfortable to hold but Im sorry as for user friendly I have to hand it to﻿ the ipad, this thing is a little hard to get the hang of unless your very familiar with android (Which Im not) Apple navigation is much more user friendly
I was only sharing my opinion, I actually have one of these tablets and my sister has the ipad. To be honest the ipad is﻿ easier for lamens like me to work, if people are familiar with android by all means this is a great product
way overpriced﻿
look nice, but﻿ i have already enjoyed most of the features ((on the ipad) ) ^,^ and its been out a months ago now ^,^ love my Ipad ^..^
still slow than﻿ my i7 pc
Looks good, because I am watching it on my iPad!﻿
you apple hatters are just as bad as the followers. you see a product with an apple logo and immediately turn the other way. if the rumors are true the new ipad will smoke﻿ this in performance with its rumored dual core cpu and gpu. instead of you being a biased idiot and saying it will be EXACTLY the same just with a camera or 2, why not wait for it to actually come out and see what it really has.
Still﻿ not comparable to Notion Ink Adam
I already spent hundreds on my ipad﻿ and iphone, it's absolutely unlikely to switch to other phone or tablet , cause all the apps will be useless if i do so. i think apple got right market strategy , and it's even harder for other company landing on this field , cause apple already hold the ground.
DON'T BUY﻿ MOTOROLA XOOM. HTC TABLETS ON THE WAY.
uuuggghh...another companys pointless take on﻿ winning over the market for tablet computing....ipad ftw
that same "stale" operating﻿ system made the ipad one of the top selling electronics this year..I see nothing of a device powered by a google\android.I think google should stay where it is and continue to be a search engine and nothing more.I don't believe apple's turn on the market is over.
watching this video is the cause of steve jobs illness....all apple has to﻿ do is put flash on the ipad and they are back in the game.......i want an ipad but i wana watch my tv programs on the go so... the better choice would be an android tablet or a playbook....no flash = FAIL
xoom﻿ sucks
THIS sucks! It is﻿ 99% copied from APPLE!
Apple set the bar on tablets. And while that was very nice and polite of them, society would﻿ now﻿ like to *raise* said bar. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the Motorola Xoom.
no matter how good it is, i still think that they are COPYING Apple lo~﻿ Less of creativity~ WHY don't they create or design a brand new products instead of creating a better "clone" of Ipad?
no matter how good it﻿ is, i still think that they are COPYING Apple ~ Less of creativity~ WHY don't they create or design a brand new products instead of creating a better "clone" of Ipad?
This (ad) looks fake and - what's the word the young, hip jerks use? oh, yes - gay. Probably, when it's out, the machine will prove, like﻿ any other, a slow fugg in wait for upgrades.
The Motorola Xoom starts at more than $800 and it requires a monthly data plan even if you only﻿ want to use Wi-Fi. In contrast, the iPad starts at $500 without any required monthly data plan. As Steve Jobs said, "dead on arrival". There has yet to appear any formidable Android tablet that can compete with the iPad on Price And Screen Size.
Still gonna wait for﻿ the G-Slate!!!!
Now please ditch the locked bootloader and give freedom to developers to really explore the power of android and the device. Then you can have my money motorola. Dont talk about freedom when you lock down your devices much worse﻿ than Apple does.
i want multi-touch disply and ipad have﻿
You have to buy a monthly data plan﻿ on a this $800 dollar device just to activate Wi-Fi. That is quite frankly a joke.
id rather buy a computer..honestly for the price point of this soo expensive﻿
After 2nd march, Motorola xoom will become pathetic.﻿
Unfortunetly for the xoom... 800 dollar price tag﻿ = fail
Not exactly :p I mean yeah with a verizon contract :p... but﻿ without contract it is 800 dollars, and i don't think people would like to get stuck with a contract for the xoom :/ I don't know it just sounds like a bad idea P:
$800 price﻿ tag plus a monthly data plan?!?!? Sorry xoom... You almost had me but you still loose. iPad 2 ftw
Ipad 2 all the way....Sorry xoom:(﻿
i LOVEE THE IPAD 2 but this looks better, i swear if it was the same price $499 i would buy it, damn you motorola﻿ money faggots
Apple will win, at﻿ least this time
Ipad 2 guys. No comparison to the original. Not to mention verizon SUCKS!!! Money greedy evil﻿ empire.
awesome, but﻿ overpriced
It's a big shame that ALL﻿ decent android tablet devices are ridiculously overpriced.
Get the xoom if u hate good﻿ apps. For every good app on android, there are 100 better ones on ios. This is a fact, not an assumption. Those who wonder why ios doesnt have flash, its because apple and adobe dont get along. Its stupid i know, but i have an ipad and the lack of flash doesnt bother me. There are so many amazing apps, even a browser thay plays f
just buy a Microsoft Surface 2﻿ ;-) About the first version in table size I heard a price of 10000$ the new one is thinner. The table shrinked to 4 inches :-) (but I guess the price didn't shrink as well)
All of those really cool multitouch gestures are patented by Apple. Isn't Apple and Motorola in a lawsuit over whether or not Motorola﻿ breeched those patents? Suspicious...
5 years from now were going to be laughing at the specs of﻿ this crap...
thatz called microsoft﻿ surface
aha,,,, this looks shit compared to ipad 2 , lol!﻿
LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL! large Iphone 4 XDD﻿
Well, okay. But, 1) more than 10 million iPad users disagree with you. 2) Apple has already released﻿ their 2nd generation tablet (and demand for the iPad 2 already far exceeds supply), while Android makers are still struggling to launch their first. Xoom has sold 100,000 so far? 3) "open" isn't all it's cracked up to be: "open" also means open to viruses & malware.
I'm glad that you haven't had any problems with your Android phones. My only issue was with your comment that the iPad "sucks". It's perfectly fine to say that you don't like the interface or functionality of the iPad, but your assertion that it "sucks" goes against some significant facts: 1) it's HUGELY popular 2) it's incredibly stable﻿ 3) it's gotten rave reviews all around. I've got nothing against Google, Android, or Android users. I just like the iPad.
Screw this Asus Eee﻿ Pad Transformer Wins!
i dont like the price and thickness but i like more the xoom than﻿ the ipad 2 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! apple pffff jaja
You know what? No matter what happens Apple will always be the standard bearer of a good quality product and elegance. The Ferrari to every Toyota. The Gucci to every Gap. The Samsung﻿ TV to every Philips.
Forget the Xoom, I want that touch screen﻿ table!
You wanna know what I want from my tablet Motorola, SUPPORT! You live in the US its fine, anywhere else in﻿ the world you might as well buy something else...
Your Rigth! Apple Is Much Better﻿
The thing I'm worried about the most is Motorola's support for international Xoom owners. I know this has been mentioned before, but﻿ I don't want to be stuck on 3.0 if I decide to get this.
This video is only missing the major characteristics of Xoom with Android 3.0: instability and a total lack of updates from Motorola on emerging countries. I've just bought mine exactly 1 week ago and i'm﻿ returning it.
I DONT KNOW I THINK iPad﻿ Is Better..
not﻿ that its not cool but apple is wayyyy better, but i wud buy the table
fuck rubbish device (iphone ipad﻿ xoom ideapad)made in P.R.China,i need the device come from USA local original factory,not the rubbish nation-CHINA,fuck CHINA,fuck P.R.China support the best of the best device made in Taiwan HTC and made in Korea Samsung
its impossible to play fps games on﻿ that screen but overall its not bad tablet...
So, to recap - I just watched a commercial displaying a really cool product, that is displaying sappy tag-lines for a product that is not at all as good. Yeah, seems﻿ legit...
this was a great﻿ iPad alternative back then, but now it just looks like a huge piece of slow junk. wooooooooooow......
Microsoft﻿ Surface
I see, I just bought one 7100... Actually the﻿ same as an Archos 101IT? Just the color... And my 7100c had some memory problems and i had to reformat :'( But you guys rule and one of you sent me the download link for QO 3! THX! P.S. There's only a two-finger multitouch screen... The 2.2 FW update from archos is nice though...
Localized remote﻿ desktop seems rather useless.
I think i like this tablet even more as the motorola xoom or galaxy tab 10.1, becasue of price and docking capabilities, and then you have usb. also because of the sd card slot. i see myself buying a 16 gig version and stick in an sd card for less then 100 bucks. XD only thing is that i like the looks of the motorola xoom and galaxy tab 10.1 more. and they may be a﻿ little faster.
this is the worst. transformer.﻿ ever.
This﻿ has nothing on the Xoom....
I really﻿ want this tablet. Best tablet hands down!! Only problem is availability. Where can I get one and how long will it take?
You always provide the best reviews! Though I will say I wish you gave a better viewing angle of the screen. I'm looking to pick one of these up in July﻿ along with the keyboard dock. But I'm a bit conflicted, I'd hate to buy one of these and then the new and improved version comes out a couple months later @ the same price point. But the Remote desktop feature looks killer and I need it! Else I would get the Galaxy Tab 10.1
How is it way better? ipad 2 seem more like a user friendly pad. I﻿ still haven't made my mind up as to which one to purchase?
If you are going to be reading﻿ PDFs with complex layout like technical manuals, then I would pick the Transformer. If you are reading novels in PDF format and need bookmarking feature, then I'd pick Kindle DX.
now they should update the mycloud app to make the window autofit﻿ and lock in place so you dont end up scrolling around your desktop screen...
Thanks for your reply...helps a lot. I actually read some scientific articles in PDF format,﻿ usually 40-50 pages each. may be I have to go for the transformer, though the screen glare is always an issue with normal LCD SCREENS.
@MelikiahFox..... the samsung galax tab extremley surpassess﻿ this tablet
this has more functionality (keyboard dock etc) but the galaxy tab is thinner,﻿ apparently has a better screen and is generally more portable.
@Cssguy911 1280x800 is more than slightly better I would say, especially on a screen of near the same size, the iPad 2﻿ has more vibrant colours but the Transformer has a more natural look.
the Asus Eee﻿ Slate EP121
anything's better﻿ than the iPad 2! Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy 10.1", Asus Eee Pad Transformer, Desktops, Laptops. Etc. Shit, iPad 2, iPad
works fine with my 1tb hard drive via usb, and﻿ usb straight through from hard drive to USB stick for moving files, since 3.2 update, tablet only is slightly behind ipad 2 for fluidity, but way better for overall usage, I use as a netbook for productivity, and a tablet for couch surfing etc.
Can it use the amazon﻿ kindle app? The Asus reader doesn't seem that great
this is an﻿ amazing device but i think the eee pad slider is slightly better
I bought three of the﻿ Asus Transformers. Taking one back after the other. Everyone of them suffered from Backlight Light bleed. They perform better than all the android tablets. But the build quality on these things absolutely suck.
Hey, I've been looking through your tablet reviews, and I have a question. I am a student that is tired of lugging around huge wads of papers to my lectures, and I am now looking for a solid tablet with pen-input capabilities for taking notes, writing comments in PDF-files and such nonsense.. I think that the EEE slate or the Lenovo android tab could wrok, but they seem a bit pricey. Do you have any other recommendations that﻿ could "fit the bill"?
Yeah I did like what I saw, except the 7" screen. This is way too small for any kind of serious notetaking. I'm not too keen on the HTC sense system either.. As i feel it will never reach the potential of apps that I need. I'm a masters degree student, so I'd like to be able to run some more serious functions on it as well... Oh well, I﻿ guess I'll just wait for the Lenovo tab to drop in price a bit.. =(
Audio quality through the speakers﻿ isn't impressive, but great via headphones.
The Transformer is cheaper, but if you want the﻿ latest and greatest, wait for our review of the Prime.
I bought one end of Oct. 2011. After 5 days of standard use, it started resetting at random times. Technical support in Israel gave an unprofessional handling. I regret this purchase, though it has a cool user interface. Don't buy if you live﻿ in Israel.
For all who are debating on the prime: From what it seems, If you want a 3G/4G service, wait for the prime. If your mainly going to use your tablet at home﻿ or through tethering via mobilehotspot, go with the transformer.
On the Power/Speaker buttons, does yours have some play into it? Mine feels wiggly and loose but "solid" at the same time. Has some play in it. Just worried﻿ that I got a defective unit. Let me know!
i﻿ bought my og transformer w/ dock for 667 last august. kinda feel ripped off now that i think of it.
my volume buttons also move a little plus its a little﻿ creeky on same side
look into the motorola xoom. it seems like the tablet to have with﻿ its recent ics android update.
I have it, It's feels and functions great. Plus once connected it's an extra usb port and an extended battery. BUT I barely use it. #1) It weights as much at the tablet itself so you're transporting more weight. #2) The battery in tablet last long enough for my purposes. #3) There are some awesome keyboard apps that will have you typing on screen just as fast if not﻿ faster than with the keyboard. Regardless, pick up one of these. You wont regret it. This thing is a beast.
so many people returned this tablet for defectiveness..asus cheaped out in the back as well with a plastic case.. it has such good specs.. i rather pay 50 bucks extra for a stronger﻿ model
Without trying either tablet I would say the transformer over the transformer prime because of your price range. If you were willing to go a little over, to say around $700 I would go with the prime with a keyboard due to better hardware specs. Personally I am getting the transformer﻿ because I'm cheap!
Ipad mini﻿ is better
is the battery of your mediapad good? mine is quite bad althought i just buyed it last month, if i play game ,i just can play in two﻿ more hour T_T
Nice video... although﻿ it's not a phone....
10﻿ years down the road of me knowing bout them and view sonic still makes the ugliest monitor related stuff I ever seen =D
It's laggy. Nothing can﻿ beat the Galaxy Tab.
Ipad can﻿ beat it
@ayazhassan32 the tab has adobe flash frn n bck cam with led flash. What﻿ the iPad have?? None of the above.however I think that the playbook will win.
I know iphones and other iOS devices﻿ are just popular becoz of there apps......no 1 can beat them in apps.....
@ayazhassan32 you﻿ are fucking right. Apps apps apps. And simplicity ... And glance coverage of system... Fuck yeah. iPad rocks
@kazora1001 iPad is another type of product.﻿ It's really different. And the power, simplicity, fast speed,tons of apps... And when you use it, you understand that it's something completely different...
The screen is the ONE hardware thing that you *must* get right,﻿ first time. Have a poor screen, and the rest is irrelevant.
yeah they could have do better and do something very different from all the rest, like have the desktop screen﻿ more like a windows or an apple desktop, instead having a empty pages to fill up yourself, a few of them should have a entertainment page then a picture and even a game page so you don't have to keep going into your apps place to pull them in yourself. Agree with you with the bluetooh keybroad.
face palmed the fuck outa all tabs there a trend the﻿ will dis in a few years like netbooks and stupid ppl who bought em will feal fucking stupid lmao
woah it is so thick why do u even bother reviewing it when u just state﻿ all the flaws of the tablet
hey buddy i think you didn't see blackberry playbook. blackberry beats every tablet in the world.﻿ just wait for Playbook and then say what ever you want, LMAO
A nook color (ROOTED OR WITH A CUSTOM ROM) can﻿ beat the tab.
i recommend looking at the ARCHOS 101 INTERNET TABLET. yes, it is a﻿ great contedor- already killed the ipad. it has a camera (with video capability) and full wi-fi android 2.2 watch 720p videos, thousands of aps and lots more.
the motorola xoom﻿ can
Heh...﻿ I think I'll stick to my Xoom tablet.
yes, you are the first one to get it right and﻿ so i just payed you $478.99 for a 16g. i will buy more from you later on if your customer service can be more or less how steam is. when there is something wrong you fixs it and then ask "what else?". this and only this will make me happy and make me vote/buy your cool thing.
what a copy of apple (unibody....) big shit﻿
actually the voice is like apple. Invent your own advertising htc, and your own﻿ product!!!!
Apple never gets killed. As long as Steve Jobs is alive, Apple can go on and be a strong competitor﻿ no matter the limitations the products have. The iPad was a success, it is undeniable. This year tablets are gaining popularity. And as an Apple fan, I must say, this Tablet is really something. The gaming, the multi tasking, the recordings, the pen. All those are great, but then again Apple is always a fierce competitor. Plus the touch on Flyer is horrible -__- boo 1.5gH proces
Get over yourself, it's true Apple copies tons of shit, but the fact they've ingited the Tablet company? Netbooks could have never compared to the iPad, and yet you have fuckloads of companies that as soon as the iPad was launched, you've got Blackberry with Playbook, Google﻿ with Xoom, HTC with Flyer. I'm sure they had ideas of it, but hey, Apple launched it first. Plus, this tablet isn't even as good, the touch is slow, the pen is sold seperately, this gets stuck. This fails. BAD.
Oh wow, this only has 28,032 views, Apple's iPad 2 has 1,218,116 views. This video has only 131 likes, Apple's iPad 2 has 6084 likes. This video only has 2 likes, Apple has﻿ 723, subtract the like-dislike numbers, and STILL, the iPad 2 is preferred by costumers. Poor Peter Chou, the sore﻿ loser. Oh BTW, this tablet only comes in Wi-Fi. Hey at least Apple has 3G version.
The only problem with﻿ this tablet, IT'S TOO EXPENSIVE!!
2 people can't﻿ afford HTC.
i must say, despite that fact that im a total Apple fan...the pen concept of this is very good....theres an app for the iPad called Bamboo paper...but﻿ its not as integrated as this is.... its a very good idea....
Ipad best for entertainment. Flyer﻿ best for productivety ie buisness
Photo quality is bad. As well as the video quality. The live wallpaper stops when you move through the homescreens and starts up again when you are the desired homecreen. Otherwise great﻿ tablet
no,if you want something to call but with the size of﻿ a tablet get the galaxy tab
You know where it says "show them how you did it"(about the drawing). Well on the real thing it﻿ doesn't work.
This needs a﻿ ROM to really bring out the best of what this tablet has to offer. The default stock ROM works well but lacks the Android Market.
I hope they fixed that damn microsd slot on the side so the card doesn't pop out as﻿ easily
I﻿ just hope it fixes the wifi and GPS problem that the prime suffered from
I first started seeing reviews of this in early january............it's now nearly june and i'm sick of waiting. I've kind of lost the excitement i had for this now. I'm basically at the point now, if﻿ this is not available in the uk within the next 4 weeks, i'm buying the new ipad.
You're right, i'll never buy an ipad. I'm just so angry at asus for making me wait so long. It's gonna be mid august until this is widely﻿ available, and thats not definate. The only thing i like about apple is that within one month of showing off their product, its available everywhere. Asus need to learn from this. The only people who wait 6 or 7 months for a product are ferrari owners.You've got to admit that this waiting time is farcical.
I agree with gabriol. The wait is getting ridiculious. Im trying﻿ real hard to be patient
These guys are so backward! ONE speaker? What idiot forgot that we've had Stereo﻿ since the late 50's? One speaker -- that's inexcusable!
Here's some good news for stereo lovers... there's an update video just below this one, 3:21 in length,﻿ that shows the Infinity as having Stereo speakers. Terrific, if true.
See this tablet looks amazing! But my biggest problem is at the moment I'm using a Sony VAIO with a bluray drive, a 1.5Tb hard drive, i7 and a very powerful NVIDIA card.... and it only cost £100 more than this device with a mobile processor... I can't justify spending almost the same again on﻿ something so powerless compared to this laptop! Which is still quite portable!
I would get this if they hadn't of priced it ridiculously﻿ for brits.
I want to have it but its way more expensive here in Europe than in﻿ America for same model... Like at least 100 euros more...
looks like a large phone or kindle size rather than a﻿ proper tablet.
2:18 waste of﻿ battery and cpu.
I really hope HP sues RIM for this. The multitasking and gestures are blatantly copied from WebOS. I do love the playbook and I﻿ think it is a very nice device but this is just shameful in my opinion.
if this device have a bigger screen, more application in App﻿ Words, so this can be a real ipad 2 rival .
i﻿ don't like 7''
not to mention a email client from﻿ day one....that was the stupidest thing RIM could do really, Blackberry is known for their email client...and they didn't even INCLUDE it in a tablet....that's screwed up
this is totally better than the ipad2, play book is first gen and its better﻿ than the ipad 2. The only thing ipad has on playbook is a bigger screen and more apps..... who gives a fuck about apps
Xoom﻿ >>> PlayBook
Blackberry should've spent longer on this﻿ device, looks a bit rushed! :/
@Terry apps are a big deal deal actually when using tablets that's why apple is still winning﻿ lol just look people are still begging to buying iPad 2 no one not playbook or other tablet sell the way they do that's all that matter is sells sells equal money
am not trying to start a fan war or whatever you call it but it seems everything apple does others copy this seems so much like an IPad its unbelievable it would be nice﻿ to see some originality and innovativeness rather than copy and try to improve on others product
i cant see this being very useful for me and if the ipad didnt have so many apps it wouldnt be useful either but in my opinion ipad 2 is much better﻿
The majority of people who bought an iPad are NOT fanboys. They don't even know what that means. People like it because it works for them. It's easy to work out how to use the﻿ thing, and it has an amazing ecosystem backing it up, it isn't just a single device, it's also a store for everything you'd ever want to put on the thing too. THAT is why Apple is winning. They aim their stuff at the average Joe, not Geeks, which is what the competition seem to be doing.
I want that on﻿ a 12 inch tablet
i hear sony is working on a playstation tablet i may get that :D but great review :) keep up the great work﻿
Great review. Now, my $0.02. I think the biggest problem with all these tablets is, they're too expensive. I'm sorry, but if I'm gonna drop 500 bones on a tech gadget, it's gonna be more substantial than a keyboard-less portable computer with very limited capabilities. $200 at most is all I'd pay for something like this. I, for one,﻿ really want to see what Microsoft can pull off tablet-wise with Windows 8 running natively on ARM devices. If they have a way to run x86 apps it will be worth $500
I would say this is probably the best tablet to get actual work done, but I﻿ am completely disappointed. It is not finished.
The﻿ Droid X is better.
Give me a 10.1" screen and a rear flash and I would be the first in line.﻿
Why﻿ did they copy webOS so much.
Nice review Jon :) but 90% of the problems you mentioned are not that big like the screen size n keyboard ( its about personal preference ). The multi-tasking is the best, better then ANDROID ! The only thing i dont like is " lack of options". You cant really do much with files. photos for example, you can only set them as wall paper. i wanted a bit more like sharing etc. Its the case with videos, docs n other stuff too. Thats why il go with android 3.0 ( although i the hate multi-tasking )﻿
if they﻿ fix those disadvantages it could really stand apart from the competition
to anyone, screen size: why do most of the 7 inch screens have such a large margin around them﻿ making the device much bigger than the screen?
app worlds﻿ gonna have to expand
Hate the﻿ name, playbook sounds so stupid
This is really the biggest rip off of Palms﻿ webos i have ever seen Rim's devices are shit.
HP better sue RIM because of fraud transitions and﻿ multitasking!
Apple will probably sue﻿ RIM
I like the hardware, the size, the screen, the browser and the multitasking feature. It's truly a portable but powerful tablet! The only problem that prevents me from buying it is﻿ APPS! How come RIM releases Playbook without a good preparation of application stores, given it has been delayed for a while!?
I'm sure a camera on a tablet is great, but how stupid do you think you'd look holding a tablet up taking﻿ video?
Oh, yeah...battery? Since every single poll that goes﻿ out on any mobile device, ppl's highest complaint is always battery......Let's not report that one, non-issue.
@jon4lakers do you like this OS better than﻿ honeycomb? multitask looks great on this!! but i love the layout if honeycomb.
Looks﻿ worse than i thought. Poor RIM.
I would buy but I﻿ won't sell my iPad for it
YOU CAN SWIPE BB LOGO TO UNLOCK YOUR﻿ PLAYBOOK!!! STOP WITH THIS POWER BUTTON IS TOO SMALL NON SENSE ALREADY!!!
I think﻿ the battery life went down during this 13 minute video
totally ipad copy﻿
I don't like the the way the multitasking bar scrolls. It like that jumpy kind of scroll. Otherwise, I really like the Playbook. I'm kind of disappointed how much of a copy from WebOS it is. I really don't respect companies﻿ that copy directly from other companies.
Why is there no perfect tablet? iPad is just lameass iOS. Xoom is just shite﻿ but I love Honeycomb Playbook is Blackberry which isn't my thing but I like the name Playbook.
He says it's the greatest implementation of multitasking that he has seen, but﻿ RIM copied that implementation from Palm... So, Palm would have the greatest implementation of multitasking right?
The photo viewer is definitely﻿ in iPad copy, even arranges the photos in stacks.
the whole﻿ idea is an ipad copy...if apple's ipad wasn't so successful blackberry would never dream of releasing a tablet device
copy of web os. blackberrys are﻿ crap
Why would you want a video to continue playing while you check an email. Although people say the iPads multitasking is outdated, i think it makes more sense - you pause one app and flick to another. I would very rarely want﻿ an app to run in the background on a tablet. A nice device though, but the iPad 2 is still better in my opinon.
I'll﻿ go with the iPad 2. If you like the xoom, fine. Playbook, fine.
iPad is still best﻿ tablet
WebOS﻿ fake
It is too small to be﻿ useful
It's﻿ too small
or. . . you could just buy a ipad﻿ 2.
@ 2:34 you cant "resume it wigth where﻿ you were" because the video ocntinued playign in the background which makes no sense; it should pause where you left it. continuing the video playback works in a big monitor and ocmplete operation system but not in a table. Another example is when a game continues playing even though youve activated the multitasking, it should pause lol since im not in the game...This is where aple excels, only if they made it "prettier".
the OS looks rather childish.﻿
android ftw﻿ :P
COPY CATS!!!!!!! Apple is the first﻿ ever known company that made the 1st Tablet...
looks like﻿ they pretty much ripped off web os.
@PlatoTheForms... lol but if these things u need﻿ to do manualy it sucks...so, u r right , its not that great multitasking UI... ipad2 is way ahead playbook or any other tab for that matter...
observe, screen rotation sucks...﻿
Yeah the OS﻿ sure is cool... unless you've used any WebOS phones beforehand...
srry but, what is good about having a video playing in the background? the videos werent made﻿ to watch them?
I smell a law suit﻿ :D
Well, as much as i think that RIM (BlackBerry) is for morons.. i really like some of the features this thing brings: -Touch borders -MutiTasking (WebOS way, although i find that Android's is better for Battery so i like it) -Smooth Animation (Something that Android is STILL lacking after 2 years of release for some reason... i don't think Google Engineers don't know how to implement GPU Acceleration or whatever that fixes it. if﻿ they don't, then they can call me, i'll do it, FOR FREE!! -___- )
lol ive been a fan and a user of blackberry for ages, but RIM for god sakes,﻿ not having a calendar and mail on tablet, wtf...
just because there are some cons and you dislike the product does not mean it "sucks" sure there are multiple features of the playbook which the ipad does﻿ not have but the ipad also has many features that makes it unique... when products are compared down to the specs the ipad does come out on top but that doesnt mean other tablets arn't good... off coarse fans of apple want to get new products but thats because they're fans for a reason! they know the products are good!
Requires a blackberry phone﻿ to be paired up with via bluetooth? FAIL FAIL FAIL!!!
ya it sucks but they are going to bring out 4g for it in the near﻿ future
The multitasking on this thing is so overrated. If I'm going to browse the﻿ web why would i want my game/movie to be running at the same time? It makes no sense youre an iPad hater you fucking douche
observe,﻿ screen rotation sucks...
observe, screen﻿ rotation sucks...
That gmail shortcut took forever﻿ to load...
extremely similar to﻿ web OS, but not as good looking.
Yeah, the playbook has to be positioned almost all the way vertically in order for it to registor rotation. It's a bit picky. The ipad can be tilted a little more, and have it still register the screen rotation.﻿
IPAD2 . THUMBS UP.﻿
It's screen is too small to play games in, they should call it bussinessbook not playbook, make another size﻿ RIM :/ I REALLY WANT IT
if they make a﻿ bigger display it will be better than ipad 2
WHAT THE FUCK RIM!/! THATS EXACTLY, I MEAN﻿ EXACTLY THE SAME AS WEB OS. GO LOOK AT HIS VIDS OF IT. YOU SHAMELESS NAIVES, LAWSUIT LAWSUIT LAWSUIT!
Frim the folks at﻿ Hp or Palm or whatever, this thing looks too much like WebOS
i prefer my﻿ 55" screen.
copycat balckberry palm created webos ( multitasking ) but hp/palm is still the bestr multitasking especially with the touch﻿ pad ypu should try out the touchpad in bestbuy
I﻿ wish it had connivence keys
Went to my Best﻿ Buy and there were 3 Playbooks none of them would turn on but the Galaxy Tab,iPad,Flyer, and other Android tablets would work excellently. Playbooks suck I came to this review to see if it would change my mind and it's kinda cool butttt nope.
But Blackberry App Store It´s So Baad! No?﻿
There is a limit to how hard it should be to press the power button. RIM made it way too hard. I'd say the iPad/TouchPad/10.1/Transformer have the power button﻿ down right. The PlayBook and Xoom fail hard.
kindle﻿ fire.
i want it ;((((( ! but expensive ;((((﻿
Any news on when we can expect Android support? App support is seriously lacking with this device and it sucks! Can't even stream Netflix.﻿ :(
It says something about a device when shortly after its release the company is forced to drastically slash prices to get people to buy it. Don't get this device.﻿ The sales are horrid, thus the device will receive lackluster developer support and customer support.
get a le pan tc﻿ 970 it runs android 2.2 or somtin and is 9.7 inches wuth multitouch like the ipad
im getting﻿ an ipad 2 lol
i say ipad because of the screen size and how the operating system is made for it so it doesnt fail you most of the time. id stay away from android tablet unless you can get a hands on and decide for yourself. this tablet screen is not﻿ as great to type as the ipad. but then again price difference is big so it depends how much is your budget. but to be honest, get a laptop. its so much better for school work
I was messing around with it in store, felt really sluggish. Not sure﻿ if it was from all the applications open or not but when I was swiping through the pages of applications the device seemed unresponsive and slow. Kinda put me off from buying it.
The OS.......what a﻿ shamful plagiarism of the WebOS......
NO﻿ NETFLIX!!!!! >:-(
i have had this tablet for christmas and i am still using it now on a day to day basis. it is a great tablet as i already have an i phone i got this. it has the best ever screen playing 1080p videos and a takes great pics defo recoment buying it is at a great price now also this has flash player the i pad dont. there is just 1 thing wrong the lack of apps﻿ let it down abit
Nah, I rather get the﻿ Xoom2. Well Im still going to like ur comment.
rather﻿ have ipad
Similar﻿ to weOS?! It's basically webOS multitasking,,,
It's more of a tactile response issue. If they made it more clicky then it wouldn't turn off as easily and would be a lot better. Also if it stuck out just a tiny bit it would be easier to feel for.﻿
If they sort out the app store it would﻿ be fantastic
just bought one because﻿ i couldnt afford the ipad 3 affordable has flash good at multi tasking, resolution is beautiful but not the ipad
Enlarged 9900 with ideas taken﻿ from WebOS? Original Blackberry real original.
i﻿ don't like playbook personal!
is the appworld still has that lack of﻿ apps?
i would just get a nexus 7 or kindle fire! i own one and im﻿ getting bored with it!
Frustration Videos are not﻿ sorted with folders Cannot crop, edit, rotate photos Free apss from android is not free in blackberry Games and apps are rubbish
If only you could customize the home screen (widgets) or use a different launcher this device might rival the nexus 7 without android﻿ support this tablet may very well fade away
Hi, my playbook from a few days doesn't work well the browser./ When i open﻿ a page, takes too much time to charge. Someone can help me? I'm sure isn't problem with conection because it aways worked well. Thank you very much
I Hate Mine It's So﻿ Stupid. Getting The New Samsung Galaxy Tab!:)
The sad part is the fact they need android apps for the playbook. Its like if iOS apps came to android. It's sort of belittles the point of getting an﻿ apple product.
Just checked it out this﻿ afternoon, the screen quality is horrible, but the rubberized back feels really amazing!
Love that ring ui also, but that screen and those viewing﻿ angles.... Rough..... Waaaaaaa
Looks like horrible viewing angles which seems to be typical of acer as of late. Its really a shame that at﻿ $350 you don't get much anymore these days. Luckily for me, I've got my trusty galaxy tab 10.1 and my rock solid HP touchpad that was only $99. Next in line is going to be a 7 to 8.2 inch tablet and a quad core Samsung tablet when they debut. Great video as always, and thank you.
The viewing angles suck. But great review as always.﻿ Thanks John
From the many tablets I've seen. This isn't better than any of them. If you want﻿ a powerful tablet. Choose the Motorola xoom or a galaxy tab
i hear other﻿ voices in the background... no big deal though...
good,but ugly ;)﻿
Slow﻿ and ugly....
Just bought a Iconia A200. I really like the features, screen, and overall﻿ general quality. Negatives are the speakers which sound tiny. Overall the iconia a200 is a awesome tablet.
If you get one of these, how do you change the clock? I have heard it is difficult if one lives﻿ on the east coast, as it has time frames for pacific and central but, not eastern. This can't be true.............can it?
Skype, but no video. Trouble with Skype, real bullshit. Skype is great to use, but not with this products. FIX THIS SKYPE/VIEWSONIC.............﻿
It﻿ has no adobe flash player and it sucks
All the dumb apple fanboys are going to buy this﻿ shit.
Those 2 games shown looked stupid to me. Its not the type of game I would play on any tablet. I've seen reviews for﻿ much better games for the Ipad. I actually dislike Apple as a company, but think their Tablet is good despite the flaming by some. It has its own benefits and negatives.
lMAO the xoom is﻿ superior to the ipad
for 800 bucks, i could get a nice HD laptop with adobe flash and run Steam games. i think﻿ the ipad is a ripoff
what a rip, i can do almost everything with my phone and take better pics and vid. for the things﻿ i cant do i can do it with my laptop faster.
The cover reminds﻿ me of tupperware.
You make great reviews! :) In my opinion, Apple should have upgraded the iPad 2 with a better camera, than a 1 megapixel. D: I still love my Galaxy Tab﻿ more! <3
Great review.﻿ I still love my Xoom tho. =)
Xoom﻿ FTW. This is the same shit as the first
Xoom is so much better but it's so expensive $800 !! if i would buy a tablet i would buy the iPad 2 16GB or 32GB no﻿ 3G !! $480 - $590... btw the Xoom is also capable at viewing flash videos !! the update was released few days ago ...
not a whopping improvement﻿ over the first.
thumbs up﻿ if you prefer motorola xoom
I agree but it is﻿ still beta. Come on, resending back your device to get 4g, doesn't that sound unfinished?
good review... I think the xoom is for me though. I pad seems limited and too simplified. Google updates a lot which I like... 4g sounds great﻿ too.
iPad 1 = oversized Ipod touch (not the new one) iPad 2 = oversized Iphone 4 (without the﻿ phone)
my htc desire loaded﻿ webpages faster then the ipad1 :P
The cameras are trash VGA. The photos and video look like garbage. 0.3 Mega pixel. People are﻿ fools to keep buying these recycled products
macbook pro, because its actually a computer and is much more powerful and you can download things and install software but the ipad is much more﻿ portable. so if u can afford it get both, if not, macbook :)
Lol the cat waved its hand back after she said "Hi cat!" lol But good review but the﻿ iPad2 is a waste of time really. I think both of the iPads are a waste of time because they are basically just gigantic iPod touches!
i am agree with﻿ verdict so will not buy ipad 2 as i have original ipad ...
it doesn't have a tegra 2 , t's Apple A5 -which is really A9 Cortex chip - plus , it's not much of improvement over the 1st gen iPad , I mean if they kept the﻿ design or changed the design while keeping the thickness , they would have provided a bigger battery , yes 10 hours is good but 14 or 15 is better , and who needs a camera on the back of such a huge device ? I mean who would carry it around shooting HD videos ? if they didn't put the back camera , the iPad would have been less expensive
Galaxy s2 is the fastest thinnest brightest lightest super amoled touchwiz 4.0 also very very smooth There are more contents and applications HD video Camera - 8.0 mega pixel It is even 30% faster than ipad2 Full web browsing experience without lagging Galaxy tab2 10.1 inch also beat ipad2 Watch one day with the new samsung galaxy tab 10.1 if u watch this at least u will get why and how galaxy tab2 beat ipad2 APPLE IS JUST FAMOUS FOT BRAINWASHING PEOPLE THROUGH THEIR ADVERTISEMENT!﻿
Android doesn't have notes plus. Or any app equivalent. IPad﻿ 2 may not have the hardware buy ios and the app store drop bombs on Android.
No... I would never buy﻿ one of these, I don't see the point of wasting my money on something with the functionality of a over-sized cellphone...
HP﻿ Pavilion Laptop
wait nobody﻿ wants to get there ipa and 4 months later a ne ipad comes out and you will regret getting the ipad 2 trust me
Great review! I got mine the other day and at first I thought I was going to﻿ regret it but I love it.
Gonna wait and buy the iPad2 S 3G XL 3D or something﻿
The ipad 2 is winner. But that accessory cover, priced﻿ at $40, that's a ripoff.
I'm waiting for the iPad﻿ 3
When﻿ I watch YouTube videos, more than half the time they freeze and stop buffering and I can't continue watching the video. Does this happen to every iPad 2 or just mine?
Apple tabloid sucks. I stopped using it a few days after purchasing it. I reviewed an Android﻿ tablet and was very impressed with the features they offer for a fraction for the cost of apple iPad. My Android phone can do so much more, and my laptop does everything my Android phone can't. I pad has no flash, no external storage, hardly any features at all.
@yesplease1000. I would encourage anyone buying apple products because I have invested in Apple (AAPL.inc) shares and are giving me a good return (300% in﻿ the the last 3 years. Thanks to those dumbers who by the apple products. Good luck to all those who buy apple products. I for one would not touch Apple phone, tablet or PC with a barge pole. They are overpriced and over hyped and under-speced tied to Apple closed ecosystem.
does﻿ it support flash?!!!! if not waste of money
I bought one the first day it came out, but, it had a big fat hot pixel right in the centre of the screen. So, i returned it and didnt pick up﻿ a new one.
Only problem I have with this is that the keyboard﻿ doesn't come with some sort of stand to keep the tablet closer to eye-level.
Pretty cool but﻿ seems a bit expensive. I would like to see a Core i3 version
Looks﻿ really nice. Although I still would rather a iPad with Sketchbook Pro on it. Might change for Photoshop though.
I don't know about that... how is this like a netbook except for the size? This thing is sooo much more powerful than any netbook out﻿ there. Except for its battery life, this is what tablets should be IMO... not just for playing games like the ipad and galaxy but actually useful for school and work
Their customer service﻿ is horrible. I had to call in about this slate and they gave me the runaway.. had no idea what they were doing. If something goes wrong, just retrun it to the store asap. A common problem are hot pixels.
That thing will get hot and noisy, and therefore as uncomfortable to hold and use as an 8 years old tablet. We need lower powered CPUs to have truly useful Windows tablets, without fans in it. We need Oaktrail﻿ (or better). Cheers.
This is really for windows lover.. Not really an innovation.. It's ugly.. Talking about internet explorer... My Gosh!.. It is not pleasing me at any point at all... ﻿
And it'll be twice as expensive as an iPad. I really want Windows tablets to succeed, but manufacturers are going the wrong way about this.﻿
problem is: it's heavy, poor battery, not a﻿ great display, no Apps specifically designed for touchscreen, and its ugly.
the price for this is too much, could buy a﻿ decent gaming laptop for that price or two ipads.
Nice review. Great job. Too﻿ bad about the battery life. Still worth considering though. Thanks.
Please don't buy this for painting, it's noticeably laggy... If you want to paint, do it at home/work on a good Mac/PC with a Wacom Intuos4 or Cintiq. Win7 and OS﻿ X are not built for tablets and are annoying at best. Only iOS works well so far and Android is catching up, but way too slowly.
Nope, I would only buy this﻿ product for doodling in Sketchbook Pro on the train on the way to work. Nothing else. The screen is too small and Win7 is not a proper tablet OS. You see it every time she clicks in this video. I have tried it and what I meant was for serious painting get a real wacom tablet or wacom cintiq screen. Zbrush in 12" is a funny joke, you need a 24" for the tiny detailed interface and another 24" next to it with the reference photos. No thanks... :)
Please note that I am not saying that it doesn't smokes the competition. :) It does. I like where this technology is going, but for my train ride﻿ I will stick with the iPad 2 and then do the real work on my 12-core at work - like you. Have you tried a Cintiq 21UX btw? I would LUV one of those.
GREAT INTERVIEW. GOOD PRODUCT. BUT IT NEEDS TO GO FURTHER OBVIOUSLY. MEANING FULL CAPABILITY AS﻿ IN ALL THE HARD DRIVE THAT YOU WOULD HAVE ON A LAPTOP....THIS COULD BE DONE....MAYBE NEXT YEAR
dont know why but i hate exhaust vents. They get dirt inside the whole system! This thing should﻿ be redesigned with NO exhausts, cleaner design(remove so many useless ports) and Solid State Drive (hard disks makes sound, are mechanical & power waster)....if so......i would buy ONE!
£1000.... shame... such a good machine but that price is going to put alot of people﻿ off including me. I really want it too...
if you﻿ have to connect a keyboard to a tablet, it simply means that tablet it's not so usable.
...then it can't even play a full 1080p movie without﻿ dying...battery life is barely 3hrs sadly :(
Battery life on﻿ this thing is less than 4hours...3hours at the most..worse than the dell streak 7 battery...Fail !!
One disadvantage of the Asus Eee Slate is the hard drive size. ﻿ I would have preferred a 128 GB SSD Hard Drive.
ipad is nothing compared to this tablet, well i mean it's obvious, A5 vs i5 big difference(i﻿ mean really big)
Window suck aas this tab﻿ is weak
Ya the screen is the downside, resolution should be higher and oled should be used. Every other spec is amazing. No reason why﻿ this should not be 1920x1080 it has all the specs to run it.
Only problem with this tablet: Windows 7. Viruses, Spyware, lagging, crashing, and everything else we've﻿ seen throughout the years...thumbs up if you agree!
i would rather get the alienware m17x or the m18x with quad core processors and super﻿ graphics for 1000$ more
so cool﻿ but very spendy
When i found this i was so excited i've wanted a small slate tablet with a decent battery for a very long time. Art tablets have become harder to find in store since the ipad started being considered a tablet, but to my dismay this is still out of my price range being $999.99 on Bestbuy.ca :( ﻿
$1000? I'm sorry, that﻿ is a definite fail.
Twice as expensive as the iPad. Also thice as thick and twice as heavy. 1.16 KG vs﻿ 680 grams for the iPad. Batterylife is rediculous vs the iPad and try holding 1,16 KG in one hand, holding a pen in your other hand while you are sitting in a crowded train ! It is utterly useless and it will fail !
Bought one. Loved it. Realized it was factory damaged on the side. Windows store exchanged it hassle free. This one was a dud. The power/sleep slider was stiff and would stick....Had the 2nd EP121 for 3 hours before the slider broke off,﻿ and had two total system freezes in which nothing was responsve, not even the emergency/force shutdown button. Will be taking it back tomorrow. Trying to decide if I should exchange it for yet another one or getting a traditional laptop.
Battery life 3 hours ﻿ :(
If I didn't have the tm2t, I'd definitely get this bad boy. I love when tablets don't compromise- only downsides seem to be small amount of storage and battery life, though my hp has it's own downsides (screen is washed out, device is heavy, etc). GAAAHHH﻿ wish I could have both!
You can use CAD programs. Typing on screen is fast, but it's never as quick as a hardware keyboard, but it does come with a hardware keyboard. Even if it falls behind you, it will catch up eventually. The hard drive isn't designed to be user-replaceable, but it's not that hard to do. We have a﻿ detailed instructions on how to do that with pictures in our full written review. So be sure to check that out.
Be aware ALL! This item stops working within 4 months and you will never get your money back. It costs $1,200 and the touch screen is not as responsive as one would﻿ expect from this device.
3 hours??? that﻿ sucks
Great review! I think this is the perfect sketching tablet! But this review seems a little dated -- are there any devices that are like this but with better specs / cheaper? I really like the fact that it's a tablet but I still get Photoshop, Wacom pen, and a physical﻿ keyboard. Again, excellent review.
for me one major plus of a tablet is the battery life, just carrying it with you without have to worry that your battery is out of power soon. One negative thing is that on android tablets I can't run my photoshop programs etc. So once I saw this windows tablet I was excited. But sadly the﻿ battery is very poor, I don't understand why they didn't make it higher, why should i buy this tablet instead of a laptop im wondering now, I mean the touch function in windows 7 isn't even that good.
$999.00!........... pshhhh i dont think﻿ so!
I am a professional storyboarder in Hollywood and if you're thinking of buying this, don't!!! I actually talked one of my clients out of purchasing 30 for his media company. Why? Because Asus didn't want to pay for the shipping to get my tablet repaired.﻿ Sure you saved $15.00 in shipping but you lost $30,000.00 in sales,﻿ all because you pissed off one customer. ME!!!! HAHA!!!
Waaaay too expensive. Amazon.com - $1000 Amazon.co.uk - £1000 Amazon.de - 1000 Euro Anyways, great review and brilliant product. Keep up the good work.﻿
got the tablet but noticed some screen bleeding issues﻿ but still love it.
Is the slate responsive enough for drawing because it seemed﻿ to lag a bit.
Damn, 12" is too big to use all day in your hands.﻿
i dont﻿ like the ventilators....1 day when the day is warm the tablet can burn your hands :s
No it is not worth getting one. A friend and I were going to get two of them (one each) until we found out that YOU CAN NOT CHANGE THE BATTERY.﻿ So go ahead and spend the money, but remember that when the battery goes so does the machine.
It all depends on computing style and needs. This Asus product is similar to the HP Pavilion tx2000 series, and it's designed for somebody that's either a hard-gamer or has to interact in a regular basis with heavy applications such Photoshop, Autodesk, and the like. One of the CONS for this is that it runs on Windows 7 and application controls and tabs end up﻿ being to small to click and with time it'll get on your nerves. For a designer this tablet is more of a showcase equipment.
I want to get this tablet but I`m little worried about the battery life because the﻿ battery lasts 2-3 hours. It will be recharged 2,3 times a day and that can`t be good for the battery (talking from my experience with laptops).
Hi Lisa, I love your reviews and am subscribed. I am not sure if someone had already ask you this, but I just bought one of this and it runs pretty hot in the back. I couldn't keep it on my lap for after about 10 to 20 minutes. I used it without the folio case. I used speedfan program and it checked at about 58 Celsius﻿ when playing two youtube videos at 1080p within the youtube site. Is this normal or I got a bad piece of product? Thanks and everyone's welcome to reply with their experienced.
guys it can not run games well at all i installed league and it lagged .......great tablet pc other wise but don't purchase it under the influence that you can﻿ play games wherever you go
3 Hour battery life...isn't impressive especially not for the price its worth!﻿
NO﻿ GPS... 8-o thats a sin
it looks real kool but i dont want to pay for a phone service for a device that cant make﻿ calls
Why the HELL is Samsung even trying to compete with the iPad? =S It looks great but who would consider getting this over﻿ an iPad?
Cool, thanks for the review mate. Honestly it's a shame. ﻿ I'll never touch a Samsung device ever again, and it's only because their software support is laughably pathetic. Their hardware always seemed good enough.. C'est la vie.
Yeah, and? Is there a reason you're telling me this? Do you expect that I actually did not know this? That you just educated me? You actually felt the Need to type those letters and hit﻿ Post, eh? Samsung is responsible for supporting the software on their phones. Regardless of OS. Since you're such a smart cookie, maybe you could riddle me the reason why Samsung refuses to update any of their devices? Care to share your wealth of knowledge a bit further?
I get 'hyped' when people act like know it alls without any real meat behind their words. You bring up good points regarding the speed factor but it was confirmed that devices as old as the original Samsung Galaxy (which I own) can support and gain benefit from the update to 2.1 Which we customers never received. Samsung promised everyone updates in September, then promised them again in October. Now they're promising 2.2 in 2011? By then, Android 3.0 will be out and﻿ I'll own an HTC.
ttoooooo bbbbbiiiiiggggg tooooooo bbbeeeeee aaaaa phhhhhhonnnne﻿
Does anyone else notice that half of the﻿ touches he makes to the screen don't register? Kind of a turn off if you ask me...
So, Samsung is bullshit. The Tab has phone﻿ capability but can't be used for calls. It has a bigger screen than the iPad, less battery life. It's made by Samsung who is developing Bada, which is a rival to Android, which means their Android devices will be receiving Less support than they already are, and that's saying something.
ipad﻿ knockoff
iPAD AND﻿ IPHONE4 4 EVER !!
A laptop or netbook is better﻿
and this thing is supposed﻿ to be batter then the ipad? 0oh wao i rather have the ipad well i'am gonna buy an ipad and a mini mac ... lol i don't roll with verizon like that...
i would love to buy. but wont fit in my pocket =/﻿
Wow Samsung this is lowwww! I can't believe your copying Apple's I-pad.... Get some intuitive people in﻿ your team.
I use myWi on my iphone to tether my jail broken wifi ipad :) saves me money saves me money oh yea and saves me more money including all the benifits a jailbroken ipad has :) to much﻿ to say.... galaxy tab-0 Ipad-1
price is good camera is no surprise. even the size is okay but i love my ipad and i know apple will come correctly better next year with the built in camera but congrads on samsung trying to challenge﻿ the ipad
Looks like a off﻿ brand iPad.
Screen too small for﻿ my taste - something that small should cost no more than 200 bucks.
I tried one of this and the responsiveness was horrible, I had to tap 2 or 3﻿ times before it did anything. I don't like the ipad because of no flash support but at least the ipad is very smooth. I hoping the playbook really delivers, can't wait to try that one.
they basicly copied an ipad,﻿ even the box looks the same and where the put the charger is the same place as where they put the ipads charger
Such﻿ a bad copy of the Apple iPad. Not even anywhere near as good. They all just copy off Apple's awesome ideas !!!
Please don't get the galaxy tab it's so bad yesterday I was at my grandmas house she has the iPad it's so fun to play with and I have the﻿ iPod touch 2nd gen I would get the iPad instead it's up to you I'm just saying
I am an Apple person, I have﻿ never owned any phone other than the iPhone, I love my iPad, but my friend has the Droid and the Tablet... In comparison between the Tablet and iPad, the iPad is faster, better touch screen... They both cost around the same but the iPad is much better.
before the video-hum let me watch a review on﻿ the galaxy tab it looks pretty cool, after the video-umm nevermind..... apple wins
Tablets are useful for people who want a desktop, but can't﻿ because they need to maintain occasional portability. I plan on replacing a laptop with a tab when they come down in price....a tablet and a good PC is a pretty perfect setup, IMO.
tablets are pointless and is a﻿ gimmick theyll die off soon
iPad is BETTER THAN this﻿ stuff..
Can't﻿ make calls using US version.
I have had the ipad got rid of it now have this love it but I can't get it to connect with my wifi at home it did connect twice and now I can't get it to﻿ work I have reset my router turned off the tablet and stll not working can anyone help me please? thanks
Oh I paid full price for this device as I didn't want to get on a contract as I am home most all the time and don't want to pay for the 3g service when I have wifi at home but as I said it will﻿ not connect now to my wifi and without that it's pretty useless can anyone help me out on this, I have reset my router did everything I know to do and it doesn't connect it scans then disables HELP PLEASE thanks
You should of kept your iPad lol. This is the equivalent of a bootleg iPad w/ half the capabilities. Ohh﻿ by the way, good luck w/ your problem. It's gonna be the first of many
ipad is better))﻿
That thing sucks the iPad is better﻿
iPad﻿ or Samsung Galaxy?
I prefer the ipad. I have the ipad and this tab because my friend got me﻿ the tab for my birthday and he didnt know i had an ipad. But i was still very gratefull. Anyway i prefer the ipad.
Ipad is the best,﻿
This phone is crap. where are you supposed to put it. might as well offer﻿ a free bag to carry it round in.
AT LEAST DONT PEEL THE SCREEN PROTECTOR﻿ AND THE SENSOR IS RLY BAD!!!
In five years it will be about as useless as your old palm pilot,..On top of the ridiculous pricetag this thing has, sprint has the gall to charge a whopping 30$ a month for 2gb of data and 60$ for 5gb..we already overpay on cellphones. Just another way to﻿ screw you outta your hard earned cash...600$ for it..then 30$ a month 1 year for data and about 100$ a year in apps..want to impress the american consumer samsung? lower the price to 300$ the data plan to 10$ a month and do something original.
Just go buy﻿ a damn iPad instead of this copycat bullshit. Way overpriced and the data plans for these are fucken ridiculous.
Samsung abandoned this tab﻿ already..
Is best﻿ the iPad
what so ever.... theres nothing as﻿ good as ipad ipod touch and iphone's Touch i wonder how samsungs touch will be.
Looks like﻿ it lags like crap. I
is it like﻿ a normal cell but just with alot more perks
no way﻿ on earth im buying this. ipad is way better
yea but i already have an ipod touch that'll do all of﻿ that and it fits in my pocket.
notebook﻿ rules! touch screen shit!
The Galaxy Tab﻿ being 3G and not in a Wi-Fi only model not needing a contract or service plan is what threw me off.
not even close as a " competitor﻿ " to ipad , please..
seems like a waste of money really... If you want portability, why not just﻿ use a smartphone?
Who's going to﻿ buy this piece of crap???
Wow this﻿ is a piece of crap
i﻿ honestly dnt c y sum1 would choose this shit over an Apple iPad :S
I don't like this. It's slow, the cameras suck, YouTube quality is terrible. 1/5 ~'s﻿
haha Generic copy of an Ipad. Fakes need to﻿ to drop dead.
what a peace of crap﻿
Dont buy it I bought galaxy tab GT 1000 serial No 352961048338203 warranty card No 1679390 from Dubai duty free. It has started malfunctioning within a week. When I switch it on its vibrator start vibrating and nothing appear on the screen. Sometimes the screen gets ON but it doesn't respond and slowly blurt sometimes when I want to switch it off it does not respond. Now it's totally dead and only the four factions' lights in﻿ the bottom blinks
No phone calls... that﻿ blows
actually the iPad 2 has two cameras that are better﻿ than the galaxy tab.
Get the CRAIG from CVS,it's the exact same thing after you root it and its only﻿ 100 bucks
dont get this... get the new galaxy﻿ tab 10.1 or 8.9.. this is old...
Galaxy Tab is CRAP.﻿ iPad owns!!!!
Uh, I hate to break you down from the high that you're on from whatever you're smoking but the iPad 2 has a front facing and rear camera for video and you CAN take stills. I'll be honest, the stills aren't fantastic looking but whatever, it﻿ has a bigger screen than the Galaxy Tab, has hundreds more available applications and it's much thinner....and get this, it's cheaper than the Galaxy Tab and no contract is required.
Also unless you never played with an iPad you can't deny that the Galaxy Tab's﻿ responsiveness is quite poor. You can see that for yourself in the video. Huge delays in responsiveness to each swipe. Sorry, GT fails.
I have﻿ an iPad and it never lagged even when I am multitasking the gt is smaller and less comfortable when your watching movies over a period of time.
Really? It is a giant android phone that cant make﻿ calls!!! I would be embarrased to use one of these!
Weak!!!!!!!!! As hell can't touch Apple's iPad!!! Infact Samsung straight copied!!!!!! That's why there asses is getting sued!!!! Can't F@!k with Cupertino Cali baby!!!! Jobs rules!!!﻿
go with the hp touchpad! web os is﻿ awesome!
I love how people say the﻿ iPad is a bigger iPhone, when they should look at this. The front and back and side and camer/led looks EXACTLY like an iPhone 4 . Frigging douchebag classmate told me my iPad is shit compared to the galaxy? Hell no.
ipad all﻿ the way wooh!!!!!
More﻿ expensive than the iPad? ...no way
ipad is better its takes a few seconds to get to appas this thing﻿ takes like 5 minutes
I'm thinking about buying this thing. I have a Touch Pro 2 now, and I want to replace it with something that has a bigger screen. I live in Europe so I plan to use it as a phone as well. But I guess you can't﻿ put it in your pocket? So how should I carry it with me every day? I'm afraid it's not portable enough so I will just leave it at home and use my old phone anyway.
ur fucking﻿ retarted...he said at the begining u cant use it as a phone
why dont you just rename this video to "How to open and set up your samsung galaxy tab"? You somehow failed to display any of the key features of this device. For example how it could be used in different applications such as business, word processing etc. I guess the reality is that because its running android, you really cant do anything useful that a tablet should do. Developers either havent bothered to create solutions or even if they﻿ did you would never find them in the app marketplace.
fuck this﻿ device
.....But it's just an over sized phone, without the capability of actually using it as a phone! Why﻿ would you want this?!?! I can maybe understand if you can do a few things a phone can't like download movies, games, music, bittorent like a PC then I would get one! But besides that.. I can't see it doing much to be honest!.....
This tablet﻿ sucks..
Firstly, swearing shows lack of vocabulary and you clearly you lack major in that category. Secondly i own all 3 tablets. ipad2, galaxy and asus eee pad transformer and frankly galaxy comes last of all the 3. its just comes short﻿ in graphic levels and smaller screen takes away the thrill or experience of using a tablet. if you want something your kid can use to play games then purchase the galaxy otherwise its nothing more than a "wannabe" ipad. =). thank you for reading.
No contract $599!!!?! That thing is a﻿ total piece of garbage. Who ever buys it is a dupe. I am so had I waited for the Acer iconia for only $350.
iPad I'd﻿ wayyyy better, who would buy this??
i have both devices and i have to admit﻿ the iPad blows the tab away...
Except from the OS. Android is﻿ far superior to iOS
The ipad﻿ is faster
Motorola xoom way﻿ better Lol
No﻿ honeycomb ... Galaxy Tab is rubbish. Obsolete three months after launch.
i hate SAMSUNG much more now thanks for review haha﻿
I just took this tab﻿ back it was the was crap!So bad I almost terminated my service with verizon! YES it WAS THAT BAD!!!!!!! THEY CHARGE $70 to restock! DONT GET THIS THING!!!!!!!!!!!
0h Yeha﻿ Baby Dis Is Much Better Then White color But There Is No Calling In It =((
This is just a huge﻿ android phone :/ lol
Why the hell﻿ would anyone want this ugly, illogical device?
HTC Evo View > galaxy﻿
Galaxy Tabs the product of a shameless﻿ company i would not buy that shit with a gun in my face
its basically a huge phone but you cant actually﻿ call ppl, kinda lame
ipad is much better ﻿
what a piece of thick﻿ shit
Basically, every android is the same. No matter if you pay 200 or 600 for it. Only thing that changes are the physical abilities (camera, etc..) I bet in﻿ few years android will be completely forgotten
Na.... I'll﻿ stick with Apple.
iPad rocks and Blackberry Playbook is also﻿ cool . This sucks
@litsquad ..only stupid people said that...most people said ipad is good because﻿ of the apps...i admit app store does have many interesting apps than android market..im using this tab for about 5 months..and it really satisfy me..so go buy this thing for yourself dickface
Man it﻿ dont look like nothing special to me. Next stop motorola xoom
I feel galaxy 1﻿ tab owners got real screwed over as an owner and still am samsung has what announced like 4 new tablets coming and I havent even had mine for a year all with better cpu etc etc, and in Australia still waiting on the fucken 2.3 update it's starting to become a bit of a joke actually especially after paying top dollar!!!
too big to b a cell phone n too small to﻿ b an ipad
ipad﻿ is better than this shit
I'll stick with﻿ my Toshiba Handibook.
Tab, fail. Not creeping, okay kind of creeping ... Andru﻿ has a sexy voice ;D ps iPads are better.
wtf﻿ no earphones
Go on Wikipedia and search Samsung Galaxy Tab. Look on the right of the page above CPU. It's why﻿ Samsung is a EPIC FAIL!!!
FUCK﻿ NO HEADPHONES!!!! DAMNIT NIGGERS FUCK FUCK!!!! NOW I HAVE TO BUY A FUCKING CHINESE VERSION OF HEADPHONES, THEYRE CALLED APPLE HEADPHONES! FUCKING GOD DAMNIT
will just save up for the upcoming asus prime. its supposedly the best tablet coming out﻿ this year
iPad is still the best tablet in the market because customers want easy efficient use of the user interface and applications, every company that has been building tablets are just copying the iPad, which i presume everyone knows. i﻿ have respect for android, but tablet wise, android still isn't as good as Apple's iPads
See, if Android tablets had the range of accessories and applications as iOS,﻿ I would have no hesitation using a Motorola Xoom or Galaxy Tab 10.1.
im always and forever and apple person, i had a samsung galaxy and it was crap, i had 2 hours of battery life, the wifi kept shutting off, i had to keep shutting it down, i also had to keep reseting it, i reset mine 5 times already, now﻿ we returned it and i got a iphone 3GS and its amazing! no smashing, wifi stays on, no need to reseting it, 7 hours of battery life! and soon ill be getting an ipad 2 :D
I prefer apple but i really like the galaxy tab. Infact﻿ i am watching this video on ot now i am running vodafone its great:)
I loveeee my iPod Touch 4G from Apple, but I love Android, also. I got an Android tablet (not this one) and I hate it! Ugh .. This looks exactly the same and runs just like mine. If you want a high quality tablet with apps, books, music, videos, games and﻿ much more, go to Apple! I will stick with Android phones, and Apple tablets (iPad) for sure!
Considering how highly rated this tablet was by so many reliable reviewers, I was so SO disappointed to see how SMALL it is...I kept thinking to myself, "I'm going to get the Samsung Galaxy one day!" but now...perhaps not...I'd just prefer something a bit bigger for a tablet, since this seems to be just 2 inches or so bigger than my iPhone﻿ =(
too small!﻿
Samsung Tablet reviews 1 It can never be updated with any upcoming new technology 2 It has no resale Value. 3 Technically it is running a very late software from androids. 4 Samsung tablets contains all those issues found in all samsung android phones 5﻿ Price is not less but comparatively less to iphone rest people knows what could be the best
ipad﻿ much better for sure
GO﻿ APPLE!!!
Apple products are expensive because THEY ARE MORE﻿ COOL, AWESOME, FANTASTIC AND MORE FAMOUS THAN SAMSUNG ITEMS TOO!. And thats why they are expensive. Think about these points and then reply cuz i already have Samsung Galaxy Tab :)
Apple is more expensive because the have the following: -in-house OS development, tightly interwoven with hardware research, therefore more stability and smoother experience -no fragmentation. there is 4 types of iPad, 5 GSM iPhone, 2 CDMA iPhone, and 5 iPod﻿ Touches, therefore more quality apps -integration with other aspects of digital life: desktop (iMac), laptops (MacBook), media player (iPod touch), cellphone (iPhone), tablet (iPad), and smart TV (AppleTV) -and most important: iTunes Store
cool ipad﻿
My LG optmus﻿ 2x phone has slightly better specs.
What a fail﻿ of a product
Optimus gt540﻿ + NOT resistive tscreen = this )
Thumbs up if﻿ you're getting a Panasonic Toughpad.
oopsbabyhung4 u will not mistake by choosing the samsung galaxy tab.﻿
The tab is so bad i have one and﻿ after a year is freezes and batery dies fast
I wish this was cheaper. :﻿ (
looks kinda cheap, sorry :/ even though i dont like to be a follower the ipad is﻿ mucchh better
1) apps .. apple just has a lot more quality 2) resolution... this is VERY important 3) screen monitor. retina display i own a samsung galaxy tab﻿ so i am not being biased in anyway.
lets﻿ buy samsung galaxy tab plus! better than dis one,
It no where stands near IPad only nokia cofee tab can compete IPad.﻿
It's hard to put your finger on. You make a lot of good points but I just do prefer the iPad. The only way I can put it is that it just feels less 'clunky' than everything else out there. Please note I am not an apple fanboy - I own a﻿ Galaxy S2 in preference to an iPhone - I just think that as far as tablets are concerned, Apple has nailed it whilst all the others are still treating them like big smartphones.
Galaxy﻿ tab is better but I pad as a longer battery time
Only bad point it is,compared to an ipad is the samsungs batter life is bAD﻿
when i see someone sitting on a bench with a samsung product, i swear i can't tell if it's a galaxy SIII or a galaxy tab... either way, i'm about to buy an ipad 3 and was just checking on﻿ the competitor. not impressed with the plastic device and outdated typeface and icon design.
how bout that football play huh!! sweetest part of the video. i say just save up and get a ipad if you getting it for games﻿ ipad got the best games android games suck.
iPad has more﻿ applications....
And always have the casr on it . The screen is﻿ glass and will break very easilyy.
perfect for BB smartphone users but id still prefer an android tablet cause﻿ it has better and more functions. but PLaybook is cooL, i just feel that it is lacking somewhere.
very2 reminds me of Android tablets. But this is one good tablet. I still pick the﻿ Asus EEE Slate EP121 though.
just w8 for the galaxy 10.1. :D﻿
He mentions that the battery life is good - however the battery starts at about 75% (at the beginning of the video) and ends at about 20%. He may have taken the video﻿ over many hrs/days but it does seem a bit suspicious that it lost that much battery life over the making of the video.
this is good but its a web os rip﻿ off!
When you hear 'BlackBerry' what are﻿ the first things to spring to mind? Industry-leading email, calendar and BBM, surely? For RIM to leave these out, is a FAIL. Totally ignoring the features that gave them their reputation, instead, favouring media consumption and entertainment, in a 'proffesional-grade' tablet? #WTF
Man...now I'm stuck between the iPad and this beauty. I think I'll still﻿ go with the iPad though, just for the applications.
what i think shoots bb in the foot is the lack of an external micro sd slot... i'm torn between devices , but if i'm going to use this for buisnnes and plesure then i def want a lot so i can quikly echange info from my device to my work or home pc... and no bleutoothe suks far to slow , ever since i had my htc x7500 i tried that and trust me swisthing cards is faster... so to bad bb you wont get any customes from me .... strange becouse you are in this﻿ market :-S
If﻿ that's not a copy of palms webos idk wat is
Impressive tablet! It also lacks the features that make the iPad a﻿ success..
I﻿ prefer Honeycomb over blackberry tablet os
it is a copy﻿ of webos
Really neat device, extremely powerful. I got to use it in a Best Buy today and as cool as it was, that dang power button was just so tiny. Questionable design flaw, RIM....﻿
looks nothing more then just a bad version of webOS it just doesnt look as clean.... i will NOT get this until there is an email calendar and contacts app!! yeah there was plenty of battery power because it was missing so﻿ much!!
looks nothing more then just a bad version of﻿ webOS it just doesnt look as clean.... i will NOT get this until there is an email calendar and contacts app!! yeah there was plenty of battery power because it was missing so much!!
It seems to be a pretty solid tablet but the OS looks a lot more like WebOS than something blackberry﻿ makes.
That is the only reason I went with the iPad.... nothing beats the applications for Apple products.﻿
I like the Playbook for being original, not like all the Android copycats. Also, it runs pretty much smooth but I think it lacks some important applications and has﻿ pretty much small screen for a tablet. Hope it will be a real competitor for the iPad.
all﻿ too expensive
all too﻿ expensive---and too small
you need to attach a blackberry﻿ via Bluetooth to use the email and other features on this thing?....not so clever to me
you need to attach a blackberry﻿ via Bluetooth to use the email and other features on this thing?....not so clever to me
rather have ipad2 this is gay for﻿ price
ihope theres update allowing﻿ us to have videochat , better email and better apps
Way to copy Web OS﻿ RIM!
The iPad 2﻿ makes this look so dated...
7" is not enough to be attracted, this size is not practical, the should have learnt from Galaxy. iPad size is﻿ nice and aloring.
well, at least the menu looks better than other RIM devices. i just﻿ dont like their icons.
Cant access email unless linked to a blackberry phone account?﻿ Dont think i like theidea of that! Who said i want to have a blackberry phone if i wanted one of these? There is always some kind of monopoly to make money! Why the hell can i not buy one of these independently of a BB phone to retrieve email? Aaaarrrgghhh!!
The size of the screen is too small. And that thick black border will just do my head in lookin at that, what a waste of pitential screen space! So much hype. And this is the end product?﻿ Plzzz!!
You know.. If the playbook had 3g and voice data and﻿ sms it would be one of the best tablets out there... But this thing is sow sad
You knew it was a 7" screen to begin with, lol. And bezel size is increased so you﻿ have ample room to execute the different gestures. If you're going to complain about something, complain about the lack of native email, which is ridiculous. Needs some 3G too.
Fair point regarding the bezel. However itsstill too thick and ugly. But my main omplaint was the lack of email! WHY? How stupid is that!! Still at least it has lash huh!!! Lol. The﻿ only thing keeping this pile of poo in the spotlight is the Blackberry name!!! RUBBBBBIISSHH!!!
This tablet is amazing, it is extremely quick and the multi tasking feature is amazing. Also the cameras are very high resolution﻿ as is the screen. the only thing letting it down is the screen size which may be a problem for people with larger hands, but if you have small hands this is a great size :D
It's defiantly no iPad or Touchpad. In my opinion it﻿ sucks.
LOL... yeah, WHATEVER. Who the fuck is stupid enough to buy a tablet from A COMPANY THAT IS PRACTICALLY *DEAD*??!! Good luck with your render﻿ times et al, RIM!! They're just not going to SAVE YOUR ASS now, are they?? LOL!!
i wonder if 3g is coming to the blackberry playbook then i would 100% buy it :)﻿
Ipad's are the best! Blackberry is a couple years from being out of business lol﻿
moves like an﻿ iPad 2
I would much rather have this than the ipad 2, but since I use a macbook and ipod touch so I am kinda stuck with the ipad unless I﻿ want to lose all my music and videos. If the playbook had better apps I would have had one yesterday, but man before buying one check out the app world online and you will change your mind.
i'm satching﻿ this review in my 1hr old playbook.hihihi. anyone know why the orientation on mine doesn't change that quick? like i have to tilt it close to being vertical for it to change...is that normal? it's my first tablet..
i'm watching this review in my 1hr old playbook.hihihi. anyone know why the orientation on mine doesn't change﻿ that quick? like i have to tilt it close to being vertical for it to change...is that normal? it's my first tablet..
Personally I would prefer the ipad 2 I﻿ mean for the same price and gig bites
$500?﻿ FAIL
whaat? for asus﻿ eee pad transformer costs half of this and is million times better. this really sucks
hp touchpad or ipad, dont﻿ get this.
This﻿ sucks asus eeepad transformer tf-101 is the best
Both ipad and playbook are some﻿ useless device
ipad or touchpad, ipad is good if youre more of a gamer, but hp is great for web browsing, bb playbook is good but has barely anything to offer, not many apps, web browsing is decent but its the first bb tablet so if you want it id say wait for an updated version, but who am i to tell you﻿ what to get. playbook is good! im just not into it :p
I hate﻿ the fact Blackberry copied Web OS with the multitasking. Why couldnt they just create something of their own? They just had to copy HP/Palm!
Looking for a tablet﻿ for school looked at this one.. not worth it I will stick to apple. (: GOSH YOU HAVE AN ANNOYING VOICE. You sound stuffed up, and annoying.. sorry...
.... no. BBM works with BIS - blackberrys VERY unique and world leading and original push and data service. No BB, no BBM. Only Nokia ever released BB compatible phones.﻿ And that was 5 years back.
Forget the playbook, LOOK﻿ AT THAT GAMEBOY !
XOOM ﻿
I'm strangely tempted by one of these, due to the extra portability... but would much prefer android OS so perhaps I﻿ should just wait for the Samsung 7.7 or sony tablet P.
I love this thing, but I hate the name . .. PlayBook?? don't BB has a more fancy names??﻿
this looks shit but im a bb﻿ fan so im gona buy it in 10minutes
I have had both and I liked﻿ the Flyer Better :P
I got﻿ one its good but has no apps at all
no email or address book﻿ you most be kidding me right ?
Wow this went down $300 dollars. But no email! still this﻿ is crazy. this looks to be a sinker.
I looked at both, and with the lack of a email client and many other things, it just cant be over looked. Go with the Kindle fire and just root it. I did that and it acts like a fully functional﻿ normal tablet. Very fast also.
Too﻿ expensive :/ But its great !
i own a playbook, and i love it but have these problems. 1-when in on internet it freezes and makes me close the tab. 2-that app﻿ market sucks, you cant find skype, netflix,etc 3-my computer doesnt recognize the device so i cant transfer music or pics. 4-the internet pages take years to open, and my internet is really fast. 5-sometime the keyboard doesnt pops up. i dont leave the comment for people to hate me or the product, is just to show u some of the problems . and u help me solve them
Simple WebOS Imitation,﻿ knock off. utter crap for the price
THIS IS NOT A﻿ TABLET , MY FUCKING PHONE IS BIGGER THAN THIS THING
I like my Playbook I just hate I can only﻿ use it in Hot Spots
RIM is a sinking toilet ship ! Dont buy their shitty playbook or their 1990s blackberry. They should be dead like Pallm﻿ around Xmas next year !
kindle﻿
@TW11452﻿ actually it depends. The fire doesn't have any cameras, but the Playbook lacks apps. For now, that is :)
Another﻿ Question: I do not have a blackberry or been with them ever. Do I need to have one or have had one to get the playbook
let me put it this way, the play book is a piece of garbage with a monitor without a BB, with a BB however its your hot sexy secretary that takes care of all of your work stuff and you can just kick back and stare at her﻿ ass
or..you can just get a galaxy tab 10.1 and have the best tab in﻿ the world....
It's got some nice﻿ features, but I'm returning mine. No option to use a flash drive or any type of memory card is a deal breaker.
my blackberry curve speakers 'crackle' a bit when at max..am not﻿ bothered :p
i was more intrested in the﻿ gameboy.
Galaxi 2 the best ever﻿
I would﻿ keep the Transformer.
keep the transformer if you want more function and versatility, i'm going to﻿ get one now. ICS is also for update on Feb. :)
no 3g n u wanna compete ? even mobiles r better﻿ !!
lol....just yesterday i came to know that i m not getting it, some complications﻿ got involved.... i m in canada (which means more taxes) and even the new playbook64gb playbook goes for 299. I dont wanna spend that much
I﻿ have Ipad 2. Kicks ass compared to any other tablet!
its just an overgrown ipod touch, nobody likes the ipad 2 man, it gets real boring when you﻿ spend a lot if time from it.
you need a blackberry phone for that﻿ service (BBM) andyou can't put sim card in it. :( but it's great
i have bought a playbook just yesterday when i open it for the first time the wifi turned off while it was downloading the software update in the first installation so the download have been stopped, when the wifi turned on the software update couldnt connect to the update server and i didnt know what can i do﻿ ,, i didnt see the menu until now,,,,,,, i need help please help i think that i will be mad if i cant solve this problem
There﻿ is no official Skype app, unfortunately.
it does no consist a sim﻿ slot??////
i don't﻿ like mine
i﻿ got this for xmas and this tablet really sucks. DON'T GET IT.
Get the Motorola﻿ Xoom at Motorola's website. It's Refurbished by Motorola so you can trust it. It's 240 Euros. :D !
"best multitasking" looks like﻿ webos... lol
I﻿ don't like RIM So i want buy a galaxy tab 7.7
please someone help i love this tablet it looks awesome but its old what tablet should i get ?﻿ :\
IPAD IS THE BEST IN﻿ THE WORLD
playbook is SHITTTTT.. jus does not﻿ work.. wifi is fuckin crap.. too "bitchy"
ipad 2.. no probs.. iphone 4 (2 of) no probs.. 2 laptops.. no probs.. blackberry phones no probs... playbook... ... .. NOOOO. . you decide what is crap﻿ my friend... playbook... TOSS... every shop I have been into that sells the playbook> they dont work in the shop... end of...
i want a playbook that works.. i like it..﻿ but it jus didnt work for me.. and not for many many many others
basing my﻿ FACT on buying one ... and it didnt work...
hey, do you know if it has android now? because this﻿ device has an amazing price, but not worth it for me as i would buy/download lots of apps!
well it sucks balls that they won't make a new bigger sized one yet..but thats﻿ true
omg look at the battery at start its almost full and at the end of the video the battery ends..? what the hell , the battery is just for 15 minutes? ﻿
not better than ipad 2﻿
I hope they have an update﻿ on videos. Should show in folders and not all videos showing. What if you have hundred of videos?
I like all of﻿ it except the damn power button.
working﻿ with what I can get atm, not spoiled for choice with Blackberry
Holy mother of god whoever priced this starting at $500 for 16gb at launch deserves to be fired immediately... I just bought this for﻿ $129... Totally worth 129, but not 500 Jesus....
it sucks , doesnt﻿ have apps for netflix, Hulu or anything No entertainment
Krait architecture on this tablet pretty much means Asus took a big dump on everyone who bought the Transformer prime.which really wasnt available till about 2 months﻿ ago
@fforblack even if its screen is better, it won't have android, and I'd go for﻿ android any day
Only﻿ bad thing is that it's android :(
By﻿ the way you cant watch full hd movies in 1080p because 16:9 isnt quite the right aspect ration. Youtube videos should be great on it though
So let me get this straight...I want the next iPad to be a better product than this so that I'll have justified the money I spent, and you don't? because "...lately they have just﻿ been playing catch up...same thing with a few hardware upgrades...". Did you even read your comment before you posted it? If I said "the prime sucks" or something, I would understand your childish name calling, instead I decided I want a better product, and so I'm blind. You android fanboys are the real sheep.
Nobody is sucking apple's dick. I pick the best product in whatever category I want... The S2 is the same thing as the original S...just a hardware upgrade... The S2 was nothing ground breaking...just enough to make idiots buy it. "The infinity should smoke whatever piece of shit apple brings out this year, but it won't." Despite how irrational you are﻿ being and your odd hatred of progress in technology, I agree with you on this last point...
lol﻿ i'll stick with my transformer prime tyvm
Why do I want the iPad 3? Because the iPad is still the best tablet! It has the software to cover up its short comings and it works well for anyone within apple's ecosystem. I've got a windows computer, do you think that I'll throw that away if apple has a﻿ keynote explaining how silly PCs are? NO! Not everyone who loves apple is an idiot. Stop stereotyping people, its a horrible perspective and refusing to be understanding says a lot about your personality.
I have to﻿ ask u guys. I am torn between the new ipad and the asus transformer infinity. The only thing that asus is missing is the good apple software like garageband and other apple market apps, but the asus is also good in so many ways, but andriod has suckish music making apps. Which would u choose?
@TheVoiceWithReason if﻿ u want high level of personalization and an open experience, along with great apps, go for android, also many apps which are paid for in iOS are free in android.... iOS and iPad are good if you want a minimalistic experience, with only wallpaper changing, but want the iTunes store and more than 500000 apps, and as you said, good music related apps
I will admit I am an android fan so take that into consideration. That aside, I suggest the Asus tablet over the iPad if you want a more immersive experience. Like the two before me have said, if you are looking to replace a laptop, the Asus will definitely offer more mobility in that sense. However, if you want to pick up a tablet which you can use from the moment you take it out of the box, go for the iPad. They seem to be more user-friendly and require nothing but﻿
yeh mate if u would prefer to have options(like sd card n flash) with your device then go with an android tablet.on the other hand if﻿ u have ever owned an apple device (and liked it) then go with an ipad.hope that helps.
If﻿ only Android has more optimized tablet apps...
Overall﻿ in hardware, the Prime and the iPad are about tied. The OS is the tie breaker, which is why the Prime won. The Infinity doesn't really bring much more to the table, except LTE and a 1080p screen (still lower than the iPad 3's).
Thing is, the Prime﻿ has the Tegra 3 processor, which has quad-core processing and 12-core graphics. The iPad 3rd Gen's A5X chip has dual-core processing and quad-core graphics. Even though the iPad's screen resolution beats the Infinity, the Infinity beats it in other areas too. Overall, though, they're amazing tablets in their own right. I'd rather take the Infinity, though.
Kebirio, you can't just say its better because it has more cores. Do you think the tegra 3 1.6 ghz performs better than the﻿ 1.6 ghz Intel I5 dual core processer??? No off cause not. The dual core s4 snapdragon has also won over the tegra 3. And the ipads quad core graphics has also won against tegra 3's gpu.
yeah, but you cant buy this product; and no gps in specs﻿
Been waiting for tablet for a while and I'm tired out﻿ wait. Thinking about pick up an ipad =/
Yes, With the Infinity you will get a display that is over﻿ 1080p, better cameras (2mp in the front and 8mp in the back), it is faster than the Prime(Prime= 1.3ghz Tegra 3 Infinity= 1.7ghz Tegra 3 T33 which is makes that battery last longer and get better performance over the regular Tegra 3), and last but not least the Infinity does not have the Wifi and GPS issue that the Prime has.
This is a really nice tablet but I am still going to get the Asus Transformer Pad 300 because that is Quad-Core Tegra 3. The Asus Transformer Pad Infinity 700 is my second favorite﻿ though! :P
OMG it's $999 AU in australia , was soooo looking forward to buy it﻿ :((( my dreams have been shattered :((
Android tablets suck﻿
I still think that tablets like these cant even compete with tablets like the ipad and the blackberry playbook﻿
Could have just put in an android﻿ OS... nope, had to make their own.
If ya saw the commercial﻿ for this thing they act like it does have a back camera which it doesn't, also how can they delay this thing after the ces and still not be ready when they finally brought it out, make no sense to me, they should have delayed more till winter with updates.
I personally﻿ would rather have a iPad.
This Item is Discontinued.﻿
Great review. I was one of the luck ones to get the "fire" liquidation of the tablet and everything you stated i agreed with! Another thing i think that bugs me that you didnt mention is that the inter-graded messenger lags when receiving messages and the buddy list layout unorganized (im using aim). It isn't the same list﻿ you would see on your regular list on the computer or actual Aim App.
Boot up time is slow due to the update initiation of your cloud profile and connected synergy accounts. Upon every hard boot-up, the touchpad updates these systems in the background so the﻿ user has the most current information available after the tablet is on and ready to use. i do appreciate you going though some features that most reviews miss. webOS is very unique, with it always being connected to the web, speed is compromised but your content is not. for $99 and $149, it's a must have.
i﻿ love ur review but i hate the pad. should i like or dislike?o.O
"Pocket Tablet"? Is that how they justify it's HUGE SIZE???? Who the﻿ hell wants to carry that monster in their pocket?
Because that big-ass phone won't fit﻿ in the pocket of anything smaller.
Lol, I love how everyone in this video takes this giant abortion of a phone out of places that nobody ever keeps their phone... like﻿ the front breast pocket of a suit and the basket on a front a bicycle...
gonna buy a﻿ lg optimus 2x :)
It's funny﻿ cos even I am gonna get an lg optimus 2x.
Galaxy﻿ Tab, for sure. It has the super amoled plus screen. :P
I bought this for my girlfriend, and﻿ she can't play farmville on facebook. Can this play facebook games? If so, how could I make it?
How do you get let's golf 3 to work﻿ on these table's......every time i try to download it. It will say 250% and then it will go back down again to like 156% can anyone help me with this?
I got this for 3 months already﻿ .... This is an average tablet. Not too good not too bad.. 1 thing i REALLY love about the tablet is the durability. Down things about the tab is the buggy software and the most annoying thing is the network reveption.. Very poor.. But at the price point like this, let me tell u what its worth buying (:
I don't know why there's no sound for Twitter notifications on this tablet,﻿ even though the notification sounds is set to max volume.
good tablet but﻿ the battery sucks on it u have to always be by a damn charger I hope the Acer A200 is not like this cause if it is it will be goin back to the store n a heart beat with no question ask
thanks for the review man, i really wanna go for this one even tho I should﻿ go for the Samsung galaxt tab p3110 becouse it has double the ram, but I just like the design of this one way better
wats point of tablets just get laptop ;o 13 in and actually﻿ do some work insteada dickin around
Waiting for﻿ Ipad 3
I have the asus transformer and I just﻿ love my tablet. For me it's just to expencive to change to the prime, but in my opinion it is a great tablet. Maybe the third version :D
Except their releasing is﻿ a clusterfuck
great review, too bad they postponed the release of this device. I was eager to﻿ buy myself one. But I already own a desire Z and don't think I need a tablet that much. So instead I'll go for a MBA.
asus prime shipment delayed at amazon/bestbuy ( engadget ) =[ ﻿
what about the touching is still buggy????﻿
Ahhh yes, the Android mentality! Who﻿ cares about the fluidity and end user experience, as long as the specifications are something to brag about ... that's what matters most.
finally after﻿ 1 year ipad 2 >= trnsprime
man, asus makes a perfect tablet and google ruins it with their faulty software. they better not screw it with ice cream sandwich. sadly, i think﻿ they will
Looks like a screen door effect when showing the James﻿ Bond movie. I was watching this review at 720p full screen.
PLEASE PLEASE Please...test GPS. We are having a great debate on xda forum about the gps. ﻿ Many people are reporting no lock on. You should have tested that! I need to know so I can decide to pick it up or not!
not at all, its still the dominate device. It has the largest catalogue of apps and has no faulty programming causing stuttering, lags and crashes .. I like the transformer prime but﻿ android has a longggg way to go before its 100% ready for the mass market .. as it stands i see it as a good beta but far from a GM/final release, its like the world is one large beta tester group for google.
compared to a book you would also hold in your hand (ie similar distance), or a tv of similar size that is viewed﻿ from further away, the resolution sucks. text is not crisp and smooth, or at least, not as well defined as something as old school as a book. resolution is one of those things where its always more = better
no 3G, Whats the point..... A big NOOOO...!! ﻿
tegra 3 beats core 2﻿ duos ?? where luuuulz and in what benchmarks xD . You cant call it netbook becouse android OS is very limited and a the app market sucks . You almost cant create new content on this . For this you need full OS like windows ,linux ,mac os .
TO THE PEOPLE WHO ARE GETTING THIS TABLET: you must have﻿ an itouch too because the android market sucks so use this just the given purpose.
If I remember correctly I can't post links in yt comments, but you can look it up. I remember the tegra 3 scored higher in coremark than a c2d. You can call it a somewhat limited netbook because although android may not be as useful as linux, windows, and mac os, it still does pretty much everything you would realistically ask a netbook to do (surf the internet, word processing, and light gaming). As a matter of fact this will handle﻿ 3d graphics far better than my netbook.
Boot loader is locked and encrypted with 128bit encryption.﻿ WON'T﻿ BUY. #lostsale
wifi problems are due﻿ to the freaken NETGEAR!
my personal recomendation is an iPad 2 most if you have already something from Apple.... if not.... go ahead﻿ with the ASUS Prime!
very good video. i was about to get it when the salesman said he just read that the prime had wifi issues but i figured they would have fixed it. if the ones out now are fixed that is great. probably my next buy﻿
without 3g its﻿ worthless for me
In my opinion, if you don't need flash in the browser, or the customization possibilities of Android, and don't﻿ mind having a slightly slower but still perfectly functional tablet, get the iPad 2. Although you may want to wait, because Apple is rumored to be coming out with an iPad 3 sometime this year. I have the original Transformer, and it works perfectly fine for everything I need it for.
I don't think he ever said that he was basing his benchmarks off of the﻿ web page rendering speeds, but it's just showing just big of a difference the numbers make, namely, not much at all. The point that he is trying to make is that the software is holding back the hardware, as evident in the countless reviews of ICS-ed Prime benchmarks and real world performance tests.
Oh I'm not saying Android is horrible, it's just honeycomb that is. I have a original transformer on Honeycomb 3.2, and it is the bane of my existence. ICS should make it massively better, but I have a tribooting netbook for anything serious. It's just the convenience of a noiseless (fanless)﻿ little slate I can pick up and watch a quick video or what have you that I appreciate. And having an OS that doesn't crash, freeze, freeze crash, and die randomly would make it so much better
This device is not ok. I bought the one with the dock, it failed after 4 days with no reason, had to send it back to asus who know does not want to repare it for free !! It's my worst experience﻿ as a purchase. I am really disappointed with both the device and asus behavior with their clients.
the fuckshit smartcover got me a bit scrach on the tablet!!! by using it normal WTF FAIL design... paid﻿ for a 50 bucks SCRATCh D:<
Loved the hardware. ICS was awesome when it actually worked and didn't crash or restart out of nowhere. The WiFi is absolutely terrible. Webpages and videos loaded half way and stopped loading. I was sad that I had to return﻿ it. It had so much promise but I couldn't stand how bad the connectivity was.
whatever im still﻿ buyin ipad
i dont﻿ agree with you :) ipad is the best hahahahha jk
Best﻿ tablet ever, but a little expensive
What do you mean outdated? The iPad 1 does not lagg, but i still have not﻿ seen a android tablet that does not lagg. Fact do not mean ANYTHING! Fuck facts if the product do not perform well.
If they put an IR Blaster and a micro USB Port i will be a definite﻿ customer.
screw the tablets, i want﻿ that mic now.
transformer infinity.﻿
Transformer﻿ infinity!
How do I get rid﻿ of scratches on the metallic backing, if possible, I've got about 10 and I've had the tablet less than a month ! :-(
I prefer﻿ the transformer
if there were not this ugly tablet all﻿ over this commercial it would be good.
you should﻿ better get a transformer
her nose are soo beautiful ..﻿ forget about tablet .. i want her nose
Get the motherfucking Asus Eee Pad Transformer Prime with﻿ motherfucking quad core processor! DAMN!
£750﻿ is pretty expensive ''/
ridiculous isnt it! You could get/make a really good computer for that money or a decent﻿ laptop!!
from what i see here, the cameras not whats so impressive about this camera, but its speed. Holy crap that looks blazing fast. ive seen the hp touchpad, motorola zoom, playbook, asus transformer, and others, but this and the asus seem to look like the fastest﻿ tablets out there. now is it worth the 750 quid? not rly... but considering the eee pad should cost around the same when u buy the keyboard too, its not terrible. i feel like the 3d camera is just icing on the cake. but the speed damn
cost much as hell and still doesn't support flash and always relay﻿ on apps..
Take the﻿ Xoom.
'when technology gets out of the way, everything becomes more delightful' <= that certainly define most Apple products. The question is how much does Apple sacrifice to achieve that? For example, FaceTime is certainly the easiest and most magical way to video-chat but, it only works with other FaceTime-enabled device. So what? Everyone has to own the same exact product to communicate together? It certainly works that way in a lot of social circle where﻿ everyone 'has' to buy an Apple product :'(
IOS﻿ SUCKS.... same with mac OS X
I don't think I'll be using an ipad as﻿ much if I ever get one. I have a bad habit of buying expensive things I barley use.
FUCK YOU IPAD﻿ FAGGOTS
galaxy﻿
I must say that's﻿ a nice brainwash attempt. Buying an Ipad won't make you smarter, it will just make you a tool.
Apple? More﻿ like Faggle.
Asus transformer and slider are the best. They have 2.1 ghz dual﻿ core nvidia tegra 2
IPad 2 = shit﻿ tablet.
HTC﻿ HTC HTC
i play with my android tablet all day long, while eating an rotten apple...when im done...i dumb﻿ the apple in the trashcan...and keep playing my android tablet=D
i play with my android tablet all day long, while eating an rotten apple...when im done...i﻿ dump the apple in the trashcan...and keep playing my android tablet=D
I'll just get the ipad 3﻿ in 6 months
It takes forever for it to﻿ arrive but I'm not complanin
i love it ..., bit i can't buy it, it's too expensive .. i﻿ wish i could've it.. :(
Im sure its good but I think more people are buying it purely for the novelty aspect. If apple believed so much in technology why would they not include a usb port! Seems a hell of﻿ a lot of money for a supposidly superior product that doesn't even cover the basics of a laptop or pc. What's so great about it anyway?????? Apart from the fact that you can say "look at me I have an Ipad"!
well,samsung galaxy tab 10.1 i much﻿ better (:
iPaid 2, much﻿
I went to the Apple store﻿ to try the Ipad, primarily to see if it could work as a note-taking machine and for sketching. It was mediocre for both, not to mention at $500 16GB of space isn't a whole lot. Instead, I went with the EP121 Windows Tablet. While it cost me $1000, it was well worth it. Intel i5 CPU, 64GB SSD drive (not much, but better) and pressure sensitivity for art programs, can load Photoshop CS5, Microsoft Office, Corel Painter, in as little as 3 seconds.
Oh, and I heard Apple photoshopped Galaxy tablets in Germany, making them look like Ipads to get them banned from the market there. I don't care if the Galaxy tablet is worse than﻿ the Ipad, but Apple lost all of my support by trying to manipulate the market and get their out-of-date hardware out above the real innovative pieces of work from other companies. Apple is not at the forefront of technology, these apps are developed by smaller companies, but controlled by Apple's iron fist.
I have a Galaxy Tab. Tried all the tablets on the market and this is the best one. It is very comfortable to use. You can HOLD IT (Are you listening,﻿ Apple?) And it's pocketable.
who needs a huge ipod?﻿
I dont use Ipads they are not good enough for my usage I﻿ dont see any value to the Ipad2 system its not worth the money,,
Galaxy﻿ tab 10.1 is better than this piece of shit :D
You know what? I own Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and my Uncle own iPad 2 ,..., when I compared it "iPad 2 SUCKzzzZZ",..., And my Uncle regret for having a﻿ piece of SHIT :-)
HAHAHA ! Look at the home screen of iPad 2, seem like nothing is new :-) but Look at the home screen of GT 10.1 their is touchwiz, and you can﻿ put widgets,.., and GT 10.1 is Super Amoled screen,.., and BETTER for Multitasking or BETTER for everything ,.., :-) It has 2 stereo left and right for 3D music effect :-) It has Flash for BETTER photo resolution, it has Everything you need :-) APPLE - Just Make it look Pretty, that way the users won't notice the utter lack of functionally -9gag-
The point of everything is SAMSUNG DID THE BEST while Apple do SUCK you dick :-)﻿ and who cares if Apple created 1st the ipad? I guess I can't defeat an Ignorant MAN in an argument Again APPLE - Just Make it look Pretty, that way the users won't notice the utter lack﻿ of functionally -9gag-
you better SHUT THE FUCK UP cuz whatever you do, SAMSUNG is the best for me :-) APPLE - Just Make it look Pretty, that way the users won't notice the﻿ utter lack﻿ of functionally -9gag-
I have an iPad 3 !! It's way cooler than the 2 !! I can see the difference!! Apple is the best!!! Not Samsung﻿
Umm you guys are forgetting about the Asus Transformer Prime. It has an amazing quad﻿ core processor, an 8 megapixel camera, more stock memory with micro sd expantion and can become a fucking laptop for the same amount of money as a iPad.
Yes, all they do is sell you shitty Foxconn hardware for 3x price and advertise features all﻿ analogues have as something novel, tricking idiots like you into buying their shit products.
Because Apple is﻿ ENTIRELY bullshit, you can't even see any visible shit showing, because when you stand back apple is entirely shit.
Motorola XOOM took a shit on the ipad﻿ 2
Anything with an apple on it now makes me automatically projectile vomit. I'm glad you're﻿ finally dead Steve, I﻿ always found you repulsive and your vile products. Rot in hell.
Superiority my ass. I can't even﻿ watch movies in a different format than .mov for christ's sake.
Surface by Microsoft is the best, Apple hater,﻿ xD
Why get iPad 2 when u﻿ can get the iPad 3 now
Perhaps this tablet will be great with Windows 8, but not﻿ right now.
looks totally﻿ awful.
hey if you cant decide get the asus eee pad transformer $550 with the keyboard on the 16gb model $ 400 .up to 16﻿ hours of battery life . built in free office software . and real app store etc
Acer iconia a500.. ass the rest are higher priced and the acer n samsung are flash﻿ inabled...Acer is good company
@LawrenceLugar1 yea, i agree. i much prefer the whole operating system on a tablet coz i wanna do more than just play movies, listen to music and play games or fiddle around with stupid utility apps.﻿ I wanna work with word document, photoshop, itunes etc xD hehe if only Apple could follow this lead and put the Mac OSX Lion onto the ipad, that would be awesome!!! =D
failure tablet﻿
3 hrs? NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the brochure said this is 8﻿ hrs :/ damn what a bummer was about to buy this
I hope other manufacturers jump on the win 7 bandwagon too. Android has really good potential but﻿ c'mon... this is a full version of W7. Ill wait until windows tablets get abit more refinement.
this looks like﻿ a terrible product wow
i feel this acer tab w500 poor and its not﻿ good
lol, Do you have one? I tried warning my dad not to get one. I pleaded with him.. what happened.. He went and got one. The outcome - it SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's slow slow slow! Sucks to use as a tablet﻿ alone, and has NO tablet/finger friendly menu's at all. Total waste of money, but please do buy it. I think it will suit you. ^_^
I pleaded﻿ with my dad not to buy this... He went and got one anyway. The outcome - it SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's slow compared to all other tablets i promise you! Oh and it sucks to use as a tablet alone - it has NO tablet/finger friendly menu's at all - except when you go into the ASUS proprietary software application. Total waste of money!
This is one of the few Windows tablets out there that doesn't $1000+, and it has pretty decent specs to go with it...an AMD dual core Bobcat (C-50). It's GPU performance is better than basically anything you'll get with Intel. Buy it and put Win8 on it. Win7 is not a tablet OS, but it's funny reading that guy below freaking out about how it's not finger friendly. LOL. It's Windows...a desktop OS, it's not finger friendly....news at﻿ 11.
Windows 7 is the only thing the Asus W500 has going for it, that is for people that want a tablet with﻿ windows 7, otherwise its mainly a piece of junk compared to the Asus transformer. It's full of design flaws. Better off waiting for the next Asus Transformer that'll come with Windows 8 due to the tablet functionality being added.
I don't know for sure if it's better, Gaming ? may be not that great for games, my seems to have a lack when i play games on it,﻿ it is possible my windows need to be reinstall.
The usability is so crappy that the reviewer couldn't even finish the review with it's hardware and he had to plug in a mouse. Is this a Transformer or a Netbook... I don't want to have to build something if I am on a bus or a plane. Bad ideas like this one are why I will never own another﻿ Acer product.
Unlike the Ipad, you can instal REAL software and do some REAL WORK with this, ipads are shiny expensive toys with zero or close to zero productivity. I do programming, design, audio editing and 3d and iFADs are totally﻿ useless from a professional standpoint, the same applies to android devices as well. A shame both android and ios are linux under the hood, sadly crippled to NOT support normal Linux apps, which totally cripples productivity and limits "app" choice to worthless lame joke apps
thanks, this helped me reconcile my choice to stick with my eee pad transformer. i was getting fed up with a﻿ few of the current issues with android 3.2 but they pale in comarison to the clunky and poorly thought out design of this thing, which is the only other tablet/keyboard dock combo that interested me. 3.5 hours of battery life? can't close the damn thing while it's docked? good grief :P
come on! table should be light weight and portable. so you could carry anywhere anytime. what an﻿ on-screen keyboard is that? sucks. you know guys, i like windows but i dont thinks its there field with tablets. i hate to break it but mac wins. even an android is better than this.
isnt the hole﻿ point in tablet to run on things like android and apple not windows if i wonted a windows device id bye a laptop coz there cheaper and better for windows
Why﻿ would you buy a "tablet" to then use without your fingers? This device is awful. The fact that this sells, is just a reminder that people will buy anything.
Good question: 1. It's frustratingly slow compared to all android/iOS tablets 2. It's slow compared to netbooks of the same thickness/weight 3. The touch input response is awful compared to everything i have ever used 4. I would argue that it is IMPOSSIBLE to type quickly on! 5. When on the﻿ move (lectures), the only programs I use regularly are Word and Powerpoint > Android has effective word processing and presentation software which works faster and without the price tag
yeah but android tablets cant play any good games the c50 apu allows this tablet to play games like masseffect2 and star trek online overall useing this tablet after 2 weeks i give it a 2 out of 5 overall i love the performence its far better then i could have hoped for but thiers the thing that its an acer and it has MAJOR bugs in it that tick me off , the most annoying being it loves to spam click the right bottem corner of the screen when held﻿ a certain way its annoying
the keyboard is good but doesn't comfortably balance the weight of tab. also the fixed angle is little annoying.﻿ else the concept is good.
they could of﻿ made the screen bigger
yes it works just as a normal PC but the bad thing about it is the fact that you have 2.00GB ram and you can't change them so it not that cool to﻿ play games on it
Jailbroken iPad >> anything else﻿
too big for some people, it comes handy for the people who needs to replace a smartphone and a tablet﻿ only using one device, if i were a businessman i would totally buy this device=)
Mobiles are getting bigger﻿ and laptops are getting smaller.....awkward :{
im impressed. but...is it just﻿ too big and importable?? :s I dont this baby will fit in my jeans pocket...
In my﻿ opinion is to big
yeah i agree with you, but as use of a phone it's hard to use Note with one hand, ofc it's just one thing you can complain on specially if you have small hands, i have big hands but i﻿ think it's a phone that can be a little bit too big getting it down in the pocket, if the size is not a problem for you i can just say buy it, can't come up with any cons about this phone otherwise=)
It's a good﻿ machine. However the standard software that it comes with is pretty poorly thought out.
All of android is great BUT NO FREAKIN SCREEN﻿ CAPTURE!!!
Android can only be operated﻿ by tech savy﻿ geeks. Lumia900 FTW
Awesome video it was Super helpful but I think﻿ this phone is just a bit to big for me
i like it but its so expensive it costs abot 600 $ here in﻿ egypt!!!!
Only﻿ 16gb int mem?
It's not better then a damn iPhone lmfao, people﻿ are hilarious.
i﻿ love this phone. the look, the size. the class...WANT IT!!!!!! wish it wasn't so expensive. :-(
Whilst the spec of the phone﻿ is awesome, it is just tooooo big I'm afraid. Carrying it around daily became a chore after a week. I downgraded to the S2, but I love it, because I can cope with the physical size.
It's really not that big to be﻿ honest. Was a bit disappointed when I saw it. Could be bigger.
this is way too big﻿ for me :P
scribble not﻿ would be fun on this
Tried this and it was laggy. I was honestly expecting more from it. It's also too big to be a phone, it's just a stupid idea. I still﻿ like it though, but if the screen was smaller and it didn't lag I would love it.
this has﻿ 1.4 dualcore slower than previous galaxy s2 which has 1.5 dualcore???? makes no sense
which one should i go for samsung galaxy s2 or note urm﻿ note is too big for a phone not pocket able
how﻿ big is it exactly? that seems he only flaw to it...
i think she means its thin. but yeah, its﻿ fucking huge. lmao
What a shit phone, all that proccesor and it﻿ can't handle a simple real time drawing.
i love this phone only thing is that its to small for a tablet and a lil big for a phone﻿ but gr8 review!!
I love both phones but i prefer﻿ the iphone
Nice review..Nice phone...But I think﻿ um gonna go for the brand new Galaxy S3 :)
nah u should wait for the S4﻿ febrary 2013 (no kidding)
The S3 will feature an optional C pen stylus...Plus it has the S Memo app...So I really don't regret not owning the note...And no I don't think I'll wait that long...After all it feels good to know I'll be buying the official device of the﻿ 2012 olympics ;P
it has pen problem!! ﻿
The s3 has﻿ a better processor but in my opinion the note is better. The screen is a lot more vivid and i think the note will still be seen as fashionable a long time after the s3.
In Our Country its hard to bring this phone outside because im worried that if i check﻿ my messages from my bag someone would snatch it -____-
i want this phone but its way too big. Im only 4ft 10" and have a small head...its looks﻿ silly when i put it by my ear...
samsung should innovate this phone with tegra 3 + quad core ..... confirm more﻿ sales . but i think that is too early...probably 1 year from now
Also, I would appreciate better information regarding call quality -- what frequencies are passed through? please include land to carrier, carrier to carrier comparisons. Really need better testing from the review world on this because so many phones completely limit everything﻿ above say 3000khz which is just awful in my opinion. I can't tell you of any friends who call me with their mobile phones and don't sound muffled. I never know what phone to buy because of this
i bet going on the phone with this is a﻿ bitch.
The only disadvantage of it is the android market. It doesnt have as many apps as the app store.﻿ Plz ppl make apps for the samsung phones too not only for the iphone! :'(
Wow, didn't﻿ even know this phone is that bad, cause iphone i so much better just look at it. I can tell it from behind my computer because iphone is way faster.
amazing, except for the location of the﻿ micro sdhc
S3﻿
note is cool but its the slowest phone out﻿ there MAD slow
thats a fairy's phone!﻿ BE A MAN get an iPhone﻿
It's shit. i had it 2weeks and i hated it it went﻿ back today. Some advice- dont get it for the phone features it's alright as a tablet but a terrible phone
cheap korean piece of crap, i woudlnt waste my money on this. if i had enough money i would have﻿ bought a Nokia lumia 900
What made it a terrible phone. I don't make many voice calls, but I﻿ send lots of texts. Should I expect trouble?
When your out and about in public, shopping or even﻿ just walking around and you've got bags and things in your hands then its awkward to unlock, text and call people. It's not a very simple device, but hey you might get use to it better then i did I hated it because it unlocked itself in my pocket sometimes.. and it's defentely more of a tablet then a phone... i had to buy a seperate phone to bring out with me, bringing the note out with me became a joke... i kept it at home Good luck
why is﻿ that so, u just say that cause you have no solid proof. i got proof cause it's just way better. Just look at it, it seems slow allready. I dont get why you people are so stupid.
No more texting during the﻿ lessons
people say samsung is shit,iphone is shit, htc is shit, lg is shit(phones on touch)... so tell me wich phone do you have and it is﻿ fukcing perfect?
Samsung galaxy s3 is much smaller and have quad core(4).Samsung galaxy note screen is bigger.But I think S3.﻿
Great,﻿ just great but my only gripe with this phone is that it shows the time in 24hr format with with standard am/pm indicator showing, ANNOYING!!!!
Great phone. High horsepower, stylus, large screen...only problem: not enough developers make﻿ roms for it.
I don't﻿ understand one thing.There are Super Amoled displayed phones with HD resolution.Why do application's icons look like crap?
why doesn't the AT&T version have readers﻿ hub and music hub?
S2 is﻿ better :)
for what you want, you should choose either, it wouldnt matter much. but in general, the S3 has a quad core processor, the note has a dual. the s3 has a super amoled plus display , and im sure the note uses a super amoled. the s3 has ice cream sandwich (android 4.x.x) and the note has gingerbread. so all apps will be open for the s3, some apps might require ice cream sandwich so it might not work on the note, but itll wont be alot of them. both phones are﻿ great, theyre more than enough! :D
still there is﻿ a button, not full touch screen. wont buy it!
s3 is better﻿
should i get galaxy note or xperia s i need a higher density phone (xperia s) and a large screen (galaxy note) i need a better camera (xperia s) and a gud processor and i also need the S PEN and a larger battery and a expandable battery (galaxy note) so which one do i get cant decide the xperia s looks beautiful but it isnt large as the note and﻿ note doesnt have a better processor and a camera plz tell which to get (dont want s3 htc one x or xperia ion or gx cuz they are expensive for me )
thx but maybe﻿ still i'll buy the xperia s thx again :)
The iPhone 4s is the best smartphone, and when the iPhone 5 comes out, it will be the best smartphone. Samsung nor any other company can compare to Apple﻿ products.
seems really cool, but kinda expensive :(﻿
hey! i bought this phone and it is great but after using it i leanred it was just not for me... i took it with me to the gym to use as an mp3 player but it was soo big and i was too worried about it while i was weight lifting because I didn't want to drop a dumbell on it. It's a good size on it's own but when you put﻿ an otterbox defender case on it, it's simply too big to use as a phone for me :(. I am also a university student and using this in class got me in trouble by the proff ..haha.
A very good phone with a few minor issues. You will keep launching apps accidentally, the screen is very sensitive, even with a screen protector cover. Once you start to install apps; I have about 115 and rising, they can use approx 3/4 of the RAM although﻿﻿ android is pretty good at managing the RAM this can still lead to lag. Officially the documentation states it only supports 32GB but I use a SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC just insert it into the note and format.
s2﻿
I wear jeans and a t shirt. Where am I supposed to put that giant thing. I guess you could buy a belt clip holster of some sort, but with the size, I'm sure it's going to look exactly like a fanny pack. This is clearly a chick phone for chicks that carry large﻿ purses.
Too﻿ big
ahhahahahha..more laggy???ahahahahhahahahahhahah dont lie to yourself w ur garbled fonts﻿ and oversaturated colors and shitty responsive buttons on your android
I love my note but im still trying to﻿ figure out a technique to fit it in my pocket ...
Seriously $700!!!!!! its only £300 here in London and an old phone now as well. I advise you to wait for﻿ the note 2 coming in the next few months
Phone just keep on getting bigger and BIGGER!! Soon it﻿ will be the size of an computer screen -_- but when I compare the samsung galaxy note with the iphone i think Is this iphone made for midgets? XP
You should get the nokia pureview. 41 mp camera﻿ :P
Cool, but its too fucking huge.. :o﻿ that what she said..
Lol I wouldn't want a huge﻿ phone like that
I'm really considering upgrading to this from my now, boring iPhone 4. Can anyone give me some feedback? should i wait for the iPhone 5, or just get this one? It﻿ looks awesome and i love the pen!.. but its so big, how does it fit in anyones pockets???. I'm stalled and don't know what to﻿ do. :/
I want the pink one, but they﻿ only have that one in Korea.
I wouldn't waste my money﻿ on that shit.
hey why doesn't the g-note's stylus work on other android devices?﻿
whos better s3 or note ?﻿ some of my friends say s3 is better
I hate samsung,﻿ but dunno why I like this one??
Since I update my Galaxy Note to 4.0.3 from gingerbread. I am not able to connect it with laptop or pc by data cable, it only takes charging.. I tired alot of time from setting "usb utilities" but there is﻿ no response.. PC shows that usb device not recognized.. I changed the data cable, i checked on other laptops but nothing happened.. I want to update my phone to 4.0.4 Plz help me with this...
how will this phone ever fit in my pocket﻿ LOL XD Im so getting caught at school :p
don't buy s3, the screen﻿ gets laggy after awhile
Samsung Galaxy S﻿ III
that internet﻿ speed has higher upload than my internet but little lower download, that's ridiculous !
noooooooo get﻿ the note 2
Don't get s3 it will crash! They aren't good﻿ over time
If﻿ you has just purchased it recently then you probably got a lemon and should get a replacement right away.
what do you mean by crash? and what do you think happens﻿ over time? Please elaborate
That's a big﻿ ass phone
You look like a retard calling on this thing... Why is it﻿ so big?
did she﻿ just say 700dollars? WHAT THE FUCK
I heard it is very﻿ slow...
yeh but﻿ the only thing i dont like about it is that the browsing is more mobile and doesnt have true tabbing
it doesnt have a﻿ desktop like browser :(
This phone is way too big? It﻿ wouldn't even fit in you're pocket? Just stick with the s3 wtf
Battery life sucks.﻿
S3 all the way. I﻿ just got mine and it's the biggest a phone should be. Any larger and there's just no way I'd like it.
Is that note really too big for any pocket. I am 12 years﻿ old. Is that phone too big for me? Which is better? Note or s 3?
Nice phone, but it's﻿ ENORMOUS :O
DAYUMMM!..........phone is HUUUUGE thats﻿ my only problem with it.....toooooo big.ridiculous
Damn﻿ that phone big as shit
i see what u mean it anit goin fit﻿ in my pocket for sure lol
Dafuq is this shit ?﻿ A tablet pc ?
It's completely ridiculous to have a phone conversation holding the fucking achilles﻿ shield up to your ear.
headphone sound quality﻿ is not good & WiFi also weak....
This Phone never going to replace a computer, to expensive to﻿ be a phone
I buy a window * instead expend my﻿ money in this bullshit
In fact: It's too﻿ big!
I've heard alot mixed opinions about the SG2,﻿ but a frequent one I see is are complaints that is just a Palm Treo running Android, is that the opinion of any owners who care to spend a moment to comment. Thanks in advance from a prospective buyer.
don't like the touch button.. samsung must eliminate it!﻿
hmm lemme see...mac for﻿ $600 or for a shitty motorolla tablet for $800....do I have to answer?
Not even the picture of angry birds on the back﻿ of the box made me want this garbage
800$??! for 800$ they better make this clean﻿ my toilets and massage my feet...
800 dollars ya right.﻿ iPad 2 is going to bomb the thing!!!!! With 499 dollars. Not worth the money
iPad﻿
well﻿ specs aside, the first iPad is already better :P
I will stick﻿ with my iPad!
800 dollars i think i will wait for hp touchpad or﻿ ipad
im waiting﻿ for the ipad 4....
did you not hear me? i said SPECS ASIDE... it doesn't matter if there's 90 cores in the﻿ Xoom and a 50 MP camera, the iPad WILL PERFORM BETTER. for example, the 5MP camera on the iPhone 4 currently is the best camera on a mobile device to date without a question. and macs have never had top of the line specs but they run better...
It's way too expensive and doesn't really bring much to the table, besides dual-core power, which﻿ is a negligible selling point IMO
for $800 Might as well buy myslef a macbook air﻿
with﻿ $800 i'd rather get a laptop of some sort.
I'll wait for the 8.9 honeycomb tablet. 10.1 is﻿ huge.
the tab 10.1 is gonna be so much cheaper and probably gonna be better so i agree with famouswolfy they can keep their﻿ xoom
nobody is going to buy this. The price for an iPad is apparently high at 500﻿ no way people are going to pay 800! Thats fucking ridiculous!!!
bluetooth? and it would be really nice if developers put other ports on these like say an mini- HDMI or full size HDMI or a regular size USB or even﻿ a second speaker jack so that you can listen/watch with friends
The price is﻿ just not worth it
They wanna﻿ compete against applr by making it 800$. Nice try ill stick with aluminum
too many tablets﻿ are coming out.. 3D stage all over again.. huh sigh!!
I already have a droid,﻿ so I think I'll go for the iPad since iOS has better apps
Androids For LAMES!﻿
Why the hell did they put the 3.5mm jack on the top !!!! Now the headphones will﻿ get in the way when using the device.
Oh this thing seems average. Sorry forgot﻿ to add that.
Expensive compared to﻿ the iPad!
Its cool,but id﻿ rather go for a galaxy 10.1 cuz better specs nd it kills the looks of xoom
I﻿ have an ipad, you know the smaller one with a better screen,cameras,cheaper price etc
optimus pad is better. this thing is﻿ just to bulky but optimus pad offers better functionality
optimus pad is better. this xoom is﻿ just to bulky but optimus pad offers better functionality
stupid nonsense require vz contract to purchase this overprice﻿ machine...tablet should be free from contract at all cost! anyone agree?
I don't know why Jon but from the way you were talking about the device in the beginning of the video, it just seemed like you weren't crazy﻿ about it. Maybe being an iPad fan you aren't too crazy about an Android tab?
If the Ipad 2 just beats the XOOM just a litttle bit with a better screen. But not Hardware. The XOOM will always beat the Ipad because it﻿ has Android :D
@microhelper android sucks balls,﻿ bud.
dont think this is gonna sell well so offense... its too expensive and nothing much﻿ for all that money, rather get a laptop..
Xoon﻿ Xucks.
That screen is﻿ gray when not turned on, aka bad.
for $800 i think id﻿ rather buy another g shock frogman
A $40 case.﻿ It's got a 'robbery' feel to it.
Although this is expensive the iPad﻿ (32GB and 3G ready) is $730 so its not too bad.... still wouldn't buy one
stupid motorala. so big phone﻿ small camera. so make big camera that it get better photos
I really wish google and motorola would have waited until﻿ there were at least some apps in the market. The xoom could end up DOA. The new galaxy tab 10.1 stands a better chance at succeeding since hopefully buy the time it launches people who buy it will have access to apps right away. IMHO
40$ for﻿ a peace of plastic >=(
I still can't believe that all of these﻿ new tablets MAKE you use it landscape, the user experience is still far behind the iPad no matter if they get 2GHz or more.
Rather﻿ have the Blackberry Playbook.
playbook﻿ is better compared to this expensive piece of trash
800﻿ fuckin dollars ,nope I think I'll just get the iPad
40 $ for the case is a bit steep﻿ not to mention 800 $ for the tab it's self . Looks good but I can see the iPad 2 blowing it out of the water especially from a price stand point
if u hate JUSTIN BIEBER then u should hate this﻿ X(*)(*)M crap too
Ugly ugly UGLY!! honeycomb is quite nice﻿ though.
The best tablet with the most﻿ insulting advertisement.
1280x800.....13inch﻿ macbook pro. gtfo.
I honestly DO NOT see the point in putting a camera on the back of the tablet, your not exactly going to go around taking pictures with a dinner﻿ plate sized piece of technology, why? Its huge and you can't hold it without using 2 hands, eliminates the point of using your finger to press the shutter button and also your going to look pretty stupid walking around taking pictures with it... I do not mind having a camera on the front though.
Lucky. Too bad it's $800 though, that's more expensive than my laptop.﻿
thats what im saying man, watch there﻿ gonna announce the ipad with the same specs 300$ less then this POS
holy﻿ shit???? NO USB Host?????? archos 101, 300€ does have one!
Two﻿ words. No flash.
ahahah 800 for a piece of﻿ plastic crap..
I'm sure without﻿ it, at some point during a video call you would wish you had one when trying to show someone something in front of you. Otherwise you'd have to awkwardly rotate the whole tablet.
the back of the xoom is ugly speciaaly around﻿ the speaker
I'd prefer﻿ the iPad 2.
yea﻿ ima stick with ipad2
for 800 dollars you can get﻿ a tablet with a half developed phone operating system. or you can get a pretty good laptop with a full operating system. which do you choose?
nothing can beat iPad,﻿ dudes
yes it can﻿ blackberry playbook is 10 times better
Way too expensive, what﻿ were they thinking?! I'd rather get a laptop for that much.
@myunv i get that you dont like apple by that comment, there is a reason theres a term apple fanboy, i am one, but you also have to understand that no matter how powerful these companies make there tablets they are NEVER going to have the apple app store, thats what make the idevice so much better. i get that android has an open os, but if youve watched johns videos you would have heard him say that they dont take﻿ ful advantage of the power like iOS does..
"The touch-screen works. That's nice" Looowww expectations for this Motorola﻿ device.
No matter how nice this damn thing is there is no way﻿ I would pay 800 bucks...I would pay 600 but no more
i 100% agree! Who the fucks walks around﻿ hold a huge slab of ass to take pictures!?
id rather get an iPad and buy a camera﻿ USB connector, agree?
@amg703 if you haven't noticed I'm the one saying how stupid it is having a camera, also to be honest I don't care for cameras on my phone or touch device, if I wanted a camera I would go out and buy a good quality one from my nearest electronics store﻿
800 for a tab , i mean﻿ come on guys! they're stealing us
@JThor001 I would rather not have a camera because I would never use it, plus it would mean I would be paying less for the device because I wouldn't be buying the camera﻿ on the back.
ipad is﻿ beeter
ipad is﻿ better
if only this was samsung's product. then i would﻿ buy it. motorola sucks.
first they steal the tablet idea from﻿ apple, then the boxing...they're cool
A camera WITH flash? This is a tablet, not a camera replacement, motorola! I hope the iPad 2 does away with a flash because I don't﻿ think you need it on a tablet.
I think this tablet was a complete failure. Even if it has dual-core and honeycomb, it has a $800 cost, some unusual 3g﻿ data plans, locked wifi, so consumers can't seem to buy it cheap and simple without contract, and no flash available (yet). If you want it to appeal, make it simple and cheap, able to fit into the population.
yeah for me money is the main factor, i would buy a wifi ipad instead﻿ of unlockiong a 3g data plan, paying 800 on top of that, and not having a complete os there (o flash)
you could﻿ buy a pretty decent computer for 800$!
A product you have to think about how to turn﻿ it on, fuck that.
no﻿ one is going to buy this for $800
No﻿ way im getting this unless they drop the price to $600 for the Wifi version.
Why would you pay $800 when an iPad which﻿ looks better is under $600?
fake and guy ipad for﻿ the win
It's just a﻿ big ipod touch
i why never pay $800 for that i think the﻿ iPad 2 is going to be better!
I lost interest﻿ at 0:42 $800 :(
2 things that kill it for me: it's $800, which is the cost of a high end PC laptop. And 2nd, they force you to sign up for data. Ppl wil stop﻿ buying this when the ipad 2 comes out, cause they're still buying the ipad 1 since it's a lot cheaper.
i thought the purpose was to compete with Apple and﻿ the iPad, $800?? I could buy an iPad for that
whats going on with the sound it keeps dropping.this tablet will have to be better﻿ priced to beat the ipad
someone﻿ had to read the manual to find the on/off switch.
I was in best buy checking it out and it literally took me like a whole 5 minutes to realize that the power button is on the back by the camera. I am by all means a tech savvy individual and I think the placement of the﻿ button is simply unconventional. The speaker placement on the back is rather bad by design in my opinion as well. I own several Apple products, but I really wish someone would freaking create some competition that doesn't have these simple design flaws.
the ipad 2 will kick its ass ﻿
800$? hell﻿ the f**k no
blackberry playbook﻿ FTW
gay android is﻿ gay
iPad is﻿ better in my opinion
I do﻿ not want to hold that thing up to take pictures.
y does the box look lyk﻿ it has been picked up frm the JUNKYARD??? its so filthy n dusty n dirty n SOOO SICKKK!!!!!!!
$800 and no headphones.﻿ Ha
I would rather Get﻿ an iPad.
ur a﻿ retard motorola xoom is shytttttttt is just an copy of an ipad buh shitter.
buy a gaming computer or a decent Macbook off﻿ ebay.
What is so weird is that they (mororola, and Samsung) think their tablets are better, but the galaxy tab and﻿ the xoom are like 2 times as expensive than. The iPad... WTC?!?!?!?
some people want more features﻿ like flash and many others
LMFAO!!! u oboviously don't know what your talking about right now because iPad is one of best tabs in﻿ history on the market right now.
$800? That is fucking alot!﻿
fuck that i'll just go buy﻿ the iPad 2! screw motorola!!
there are other honeycomb tablets that i dont think are going to be that expensive that are on their way, $800 is a complete rip off, people need to stop buying﻿ so the price will drop
ROFLMAO best tablet in history?????﻿ AHAHAHAHA
looks pathetic even compared to ipad gen﻿ 1
Why are people pissing their panties over tablets? They're gonna keep upgrading them until suddenly﻿ they create a laptop. Just buy a damn laptop.
Everybody keep saying the xoom is laggy. I knew they tried to fit much stuff on that device. Staying with apple like always, will be outside on the 11th to get the iPad﻿ 2
Just get an Ipad﻿
800$. AND﻿ YOU AMERICANS COMPLAIN? GO TO HELL, HERE IN NORWAY IT COSTS 1099$
I still don't quite understand mobile carriers business﻿ model. Release the model's that must be purchased on contract first and then release the wi-fi only models much later. Samsung did that with the Tab and the wi-fi version has yet to even hit the shelves. Why not just release the simultaneously?
It may be good, but still a verry expensive﻿ Tablet.
It may be﻿ good, but still a verry expensive Tablet.
still getting﻿ the iPad 2
Its funny﻿ to me how xoom copied the ipad box design, but its still much less appealing
i guess that apple invented the pad box design, and the ipad really does not have a design to copy-per say. none of these tablets really do, no outstanding external features outside the form factor to raise a copy flag or to call one more attractive or﻿ appealing unless you are judging them from a software or hardware standpoint.
for 16gb? my cell phone has﻿ more space than that. who would want a big iphone anyways.
nobody im just saying﻿ that the ipad 2 is cheaper than this if i had a choice i wouldnt want it either
Me either, but im just saying in actuality the ipad 2 is more expensive as the $499 model is pretty much useless by today's standards of﻿ even cellular phones, not saying the other models are much more competent either. but they are both waste of money i guess.
Waste of﻿ money, iPad 2 is much cheaper
is﻿ more expensive than the ipad but is better than the ipad
the﻿ motorola xoom a.k.a ipad clone
what i dont think apple realise is that the only thing that makes an ipad better is the﻿ app store
Lol it lagged a bit﻿ on it's first start up boot. Lame!
it just﻿ looks like a giant version of my droid x
its nice but the playbook its﻿ batter :-)
Hate it, it has no fashion, badly designed﻿ and nothing is compared to apple iDevices.
his ipad 2 more popular then﻿ xoom
Watching this on my Nexus 7﻿ bitches
Very fat tablet...﻿
wow acer way to put out trash for your consumers. your R&D department employees need to be Fired and replaced with﻿ smarter people.
Always android problem is batterry﻿
Smaller size﻿ also means smaller battery...but the discrepancy is big compared to the A500. I'd rather use my Ipod touch ..at this size.
Another fail hybrid tablet. I prefer the Asus transformer and galaxy 10.1 inch tab. Cheap and﻿ it works
Hm... would have expected more from ACER as far as design goes.﻿ Maybe next one. And Candace is a doll, :)
I paid 250﻿ for mine
this would be the best 7" tablet on the﻿ planet if the battery wasnt so fawkin small!!! 1200mah or something like that, the next smallest is like 3500mah.
front and rear camera nothing big. i thought﻿ it was great that it had a flash at the back. excuse me for being intrigued by the smallest things
got it for 3 moths now,﻿ cool but baterry sucks
i got mine for $283 at bestbuy after tax and i did crash few times but for mobility i dont use it non stop﻿
I ended up winning one on ebay, $187 for it, slightly used with a leather case and extra 4GB of memory. I really like the A100, everything runs smooth, first time I used anything other than Windows OS. Android is not that tough to figure out and is a real good OS. It runs off﻿ of Linux Kernel so there you have it. A100 plays Flash videos which is pretty neat. I really like this thing a lot. The only thing this review had right is the battery consumption, it runs more like a laptop.
The battery is brutal! I was playing Shadow Gun on a road trip and 3 hours in﻿ she was dying =/ Other than that it's solid, and rarely do I game on this thing uncorded. As an ereader/browser I generally get 5 hours, which is more than enough for me. I've never been a person who has to be untethered for 12 hours at a time or i go nanners.
Im on this tablet right now, I don't have any problems at all, UNTIL THE UPDATE, now it will sleep and refuses to wake up, I just turn it off or leave it﻿ on charger if I'm not using it, like 3 days ago before the update this was a near flawless machine, can't wait for the patch or whatever it is to fix this minor glitch
JUST BECAUSE THEY ALWAYS COMPARE THE ...WELL EVERYTHING﻿ TO APPL PRODUCTS DONT MEAN THEY TRASH THEY COMPARE IT TO IT CUZ IOS IS SMOOTHER THEN ANYTHING BITCH!!!!
Hi dear friend i bought this tablet, Bit i can't fin any USB DATA TRANSFER OTG HOST CABLE ADAPTER that works with it, you probably know a adapter cable with female USB to conect a keyboard.. ir you know plese send me a link where i can fin﻿ ir..?
Haters I have this tablet this﻿ review is underrated it does not freeze the only thing I agree with is the battery life 5hours big deal
Since it's considered "Pro" it's obviously a high end device and so far the Huawei products have been significantly cheaper than the competition but have if not﻿ the same specs, just a little bit behind. my friends have been swaying me away from this product but a)none of them actually tried one b)they have been going off of people bad mouthing Huawei products. i look at it like this, Apple products weren't that great a first but because of mass production and testing, they're good
Really thinking about getting this, but why is this not﻿ using android 2.3? Cause I heard it originally was.
Bought one the day it was available and returned it less than 24 hours later. The speakers and﻿ screen sensitivity were great. But it wouldn't connect to the Android Market. Kept giving error messages. I recorded a short video and during playback, there was a horrible noise that seemed to be in sync with the time index bar that moves along as the video plays. The microphone was terrible. I had to hold the unit inches from my mouth in order for my speech to be recognized, and I speak clearly.
So how can this be﻿ good for video chatting if the microphone barely picks up audio? Also had trouble getting a GPS satellite lock. I really wanted to like this unit because it felt good in the hand and the price was really good. But there were just too many negatives about it so it wasn't worth keeping.
I brought this about 3 weeks ago because I thought that I could use it with my sim card for phone services. I can't seem to get my sim card in the slot that it is marked for. there is a black cloth-like thing there. Is this function available for this tablet or﻿ not? If so how do I get my sim card in there?
Hi there, sorry you﻿ are experiencing problems, please contact customer services via the Huawei Device website for assistance
i have one of these﻿ and i am selling it
i﻿ hate the physical design, its ugly to me
That is﻿ the worst thing Sony has ever made. Whoever let the designer use that form factor needs to get him off of crack cocaine. Ridiculous!!
Ugly design﻿
The most﻿ over hyped device, right after droid bionic...
This looks like a good tablet but it's not for me because I usually use devices in portrait mode but this tablet looks like it's not designed for portrait :(﻿
This is a very nice﻿ piece of tech but the camera sucks, and audio is HORRIBLE.
Tablet﻿ Ass
I hate sony but this actually﻿ looks good.
Good blacks? Looks ok but not good. Check out super amoled, there the screen goes completely off where is black and the screen is extrenely dark when turned off. If there is a black pause in a movie there﻿ isnt any background light, everything goes 100% black.
just get a ipad﻿
$499 is too much to pay for any non-Apple tablet, which sets the standard for all tablets, in my opinion.﻿ There is no incentive to by a non-Apple tablet if it is the same price as Apple.
I hate the app﻿ drawer
then just stick with that ! ipad has way better materials than this, ipad uses aluminium and glass while this uses plastic which is fingerprint magnet and feels cheap and glass. hence, the ipad is way thinner than this....APPLE﻿ FTW ;)
Refreshing design. I'd like to see higher resolution cameras though, and maybe a full sized usb port for easy connection with my PS3 controller. Overall I'd say this is still a pretty solid device. Great﻿ in depth review by the way.
Micro sd and full size usb would have bern﻿ better
I def agree that there is more than just Apple. I am a big Sony fan, actually--have had one of their laptops for 3 years now and it still runs like a Lexus. But, I just don't﻿ think Sony is getting it in these harsh economic times. $499 is too much for any tablet--most of their items are just not priced right for me. I'm not paying $550 with tax for a Sony tablet or any other right now.
the desing it's﻿ horrible imo...
I def agree that the Tr Prime is prob the best out there now. It is weird that﻿ there were so many Sony's left. I would definitely stay away from the Thrive. A friend of mine has one and there re A LOT of bugs in it--I was not impressed. Sounds like you know what you are doing--good luck. Feel free to let me know if you get anything.
500?﻿ Lol bye
now just add an hdmi out and were good to﻿ go
Yikes! That thing is uuuuuuggggglllllyyyy. No seriously, I thought Sony designs were one of the best. Continue the downward trend Sony. You did it﻿ to yourself.
It has a warning label "Made in China"﻿
yea.... i wouldn't drop it because its only made﻿ out of plastic and basic glass have a look at the Toshiba tablet ( its coming out in a few days) its got new gorilla glass and has a aluminum back :) f.y.i ..... i might still by the sony though XD
TABLET IS NOTHING JUST BUY﻿ NOTE OR S3 BETTER THAN THIS SHIT
nexus 7 if u "need" the tablet﻿ to be more portable
Archos products are notoriously bad. After a few months, it will get the white screen of death. Get it swapped for a new one while it's still under warranty, it will soon suffer the same fate. Don't get this piece of crap, just get﻿ a laptop.
i bought there archos previous 10 inch and it was the biggest ball of shit i have ever spent money on €350 down the drain, I have been burned twice with that comapny and im never﻿ buying from them ever again
Viewing angles are better than previous﻿ generation, though still far from being top notch.
I read your comment before that part came up and thought "Ok, another highly exaggerated youtube comment", then I saw it﻿ and actually laughed out loud. That was so terrible, he was probably in a panic to get it going lol.
Less ram then my phone, this thing blows... might as well buy some cheap china tablet. This really pisses me off because I want to like it! They must be ashamed of this﻿ because they don't publish the ram anywhere and it also wasn't on the specs on Archos website.
Jk lol. But anyway, Xoom > iPad. Fuck﻿ apple. :) 4th
soo rip-off .i﻿ hate apple rotten greedy jew
just wait untill they upgrade the camera and put﻿ flash..enough said
wait for the next gen ipod touch﻿
XOOM﻿ looks better imo
I hate my iPad's screen. It looks HORRIBLE compared to the retina﻿ display on iPhone and iPod Touch
Well, it﻿ does in software, but in hardware it doesn't. I'm waiting for the samsung 8.9 personally.
I know. But Apple has set the standard﻿ so high for themselves that I really expected at least a higher resolution display
why everyone buys the white ipad 2 because it`s﻿ new colour ? yes but it looks cheap
ive heard that the white color gets small scratches that fill in with dirt and dust (which i dont know if it can﻿ be cleaned)
just watched the xoom review and its﻿ a no brainer,,,the xoom shits on this
I love my iphone and was just about ready to pick up an ipad 2 and then I viewed a Motorola Xoom video here on youtube. I can't justify staying with Apple when it comes to tablets. The Xoom slays this. I'm not an apps freak and only have about 30 on my﻿ iphone so the fact that the Motorola doesn't have 325,000 apps I would never use is moot for me. Still love my phone though.
STILL no Usb!? And how is garageband﻿ used? How can you plug into it? Bit confused...
no flash﻿
get an ipod touch then﻿
iPad 2 speaker design same like made in china device design. iPad 1 speaker﻿ design beautiful than iPad 2 speaker design.
IOS 5 Will Be Insane﻿
thumbs up if Apple should make a silver﻿ colour to match the aluminium on the back!!!
yupp the ipad is just like gold necklaces.even though they are nice﻿ they both look cheap anyway.
no just a﻿ thing with an usb port :D
hey does the white bezel distract you when you are playing games ir﻿ watching movies?? im really worried about that. also, is the white girly?
now im not goin to﻿ get an ipad 2 because of all the work my thumbs have to do. it looks so tiring hahaha
I really like apple for their iPods, but for﻿ phones and tablets, i like samsung and motorola devices better
Why I dont have iPod music.i only have﻿ music library
Why I dont have iPod music.i only have﻿ music library
@jimbospread no no really just better﻿ screen quality better cameras apart from that the same I'm getting iPad 2 for my birthday witch is on Monday
A hard disk...that better be ssd﻿
pfft they went back to HDD﻿ D:.. but well you can change it so w/e I hope
Hopefully cirian75 is right!﻿ Because if its HDD only thats going to suck!
Why? You just have more storage. And yeah, it might be a little bit slower... but you get so much more storage.﻿
But I dont need that much storage, its a tablet. If i wanted that much storage i would just take my laptop﻿ with me wherever i go which has a 250gb HDD. I dont want the storage, i want the speed :)
also Mechanical Faults , Noisy﻿
Hmmm.... Good improvement over other Archos garbage but an HDD???!!!! lol? that would﻿ be like KILLING and stupidly slow... not to mention how much battery it would drain... with HDD i'd say the battery would last no more than 3-5 hours with 5000 mAh
70 quid more and buy a ipad 2. im no fan boy﻿ but have owned both android and idevices.....guys its a no brainer once you get a idevice you will not go back
this﻿ is the poor mans Ipad 2 lol
when he mentioned the resolution of WVGA of 800x480 i stopped watching. THATS JUST NOT ACCEPTABLE DELL!!! FK YOU! AND YOUR CORPORATION. I DONT BELIEVE IT!!?? not ONE engineer said﻿ "Hey! that resolution kinda sucks, we should at least do a 1024x768 for a better viewing experience" Apparently not! they chose the same resolution of most smartphones out on the market to date. it has the tegra 2 dual core for a HUGE plus! but that resolution is just ridiculous and proves that dell doesnt give a shit!
Might﻿ as well put an AT&T-Mobile logo on it
if dell wants to compete﻿ with the tablet market they should make a better tablet. not with that kind of screen resolution
The﻿ screen is absolutely the worse seen on a tablet.
Forget tablets! It's﻿ all about the Motorola Droid X smartphone from Verizon!
perhaps im getting old but battery life is sooooo important to me now. 5 hours battery life is not acceptable. i just sold my htc desire﻿ hd because of the same reason.
IS Dell Nuts???This﻿ Shit SUCKS!!!!!
Explains why their CEO went on that anti-iPad rant...... they just CANNOT compete.... at least not with﻿ this piece of S@*t
ugly﻿ device
why would i want android 2.2 on a tablet? i already have it on my phone. if you're not gonna put your all into it, don't even bother. shitty resolution. NOBODY WANTS A TABLET﻿ THAT SMALL. it's basically a few inches bigger than alot of phones. only thing decent about it is the CPU
Dell is cheap and nasty.﻿
go buy galaxy tab, it's better﻿ =P
Is this that﻿ piece of crap I was playing with in my local super market... Seemed crap.
No﻿ HDMI port?!?!?!?!? Total letdown!!!!!!!!!!!!!
IKR?! It's one of the most STUPID design decisions ever. The Galaxy Tab is nowhere near as powerful CPU/GPU wise, yet Samsung bothered to put 1024x600, so why didn't Dell? :L It's bizarre that they﻿ bothered making the rest of the tablet high end, yet decided to put in a low resolution and quality screen. Fucking idiots :D
Some people (including myself) like that screen size. Imo it is the most practical. However, the screen is disgustingly bad, and I don't know what the hell Dell were thinking when they put it in there. 800x480 on a 7" display is pathetic. Battery should have been way better too. Imo, 2.2 works really great as﻿ a small tablet OS though.
Good tablet, with exceptions too screen res﻿ and the fact that it runs froyo. btw does anyone know if this will get the update to 3.0?
Buy the HTC﻿ flyer much much better...!
There may be reasons behind this. Personally, a dual-core tablet with a non-removable battery already sucks battery life.﻿ Maybe increasing the resolution would take too much power. Personally, other than the resolution and the battery life, I have yet to see anything under $450 that can compete with this tablet. At least, not as far as Android goes.
i agree .even ishit has higher resolution﻿
Froyo???﻿ Come on Dell
Dell is stupid and they want us to suffer viewing their tablet ,agree﻿ ?
poor battery life and﻿ resolution it sucks!!!!
I'm thinking about grabbing one as a budget tablet w/ a sim card slot.I've noticed prices getting real cheap on these Dell Streak 7 tablets, but the biggest con is the low resolution screen with such bad viewing angles. I really wish Dell had put in a better screen when this first came out last year. However, with the Nook Tablet, Amazon Kindle Fire﻿ HD and Nexus 7 Tablet all selling at the $200 price range, this isn't a value unless you realy want a tablet w/ a sim card slot.
The reviewer has glasses!!! :) Thanks overly glossy screen :D﻿
My HTC﻿ ThunderBolt is better.
All tablets suck.﻿ The ThunderBolt is better than this shitty thing.
I still think those cameras on the back make it look like a﻿ penis...
asus﻿ e pad transformer for the win
HP﻿ touchpad ftw
Dude, LG should remove their freakin Smily logo. It's making their﻿ product look so much cheesier than it is. No their products arent bad at all but their logo is just sooo ugly! >:(
No ICS kinda lame...anyways im gettin this﻿ 2 in one week and it seems like cool tablet :D
Love the video but waiting﻿ for iPad 4
Get Galaxy nexus you wont be disappointed﻿ ;-)
Awesome review dude .. Ur vids are great ..anyways am not gonna upgrade to﻿ ipad 3 x]
Glad you mentioned the camera!...they should have improved the﻿ front facing camera!
I gotta say m8y, That review was very good :) I was going to go for a New iPad, But i'm not sur ethat i want to part with my money for something that i feel i slightly missing something, I love how Apple has implimented the new retinal display & upped the﻿ camera Res, But i still want expandable memory,Better front camera,etc,etc. so i think i shall wait just a little longer to see what come's out next time.
You'll never get expandable memory, it's not﻿ how Apple does things. The front facing camera should have definitely been improved though. VGA quality, on a £400 - £800 tablet, in 2012 is ridiculous! :(
Great review. However I did the math in connection with the screen size when watching for instance youtube videos on an iPad. If﻿ you watch a video (16:9 aspect ratio) in landscape mode you will have 25% "empty space" under and above the video altogether. Which is not a terrible situation. However, in portait mode, watching the same video will result in a 58% (!) loss of screen size. It makes the actual size of the video 6,67" diagonally.Even with retina display, it's just bad. Numbers don't lie.
