Great PPI :) bought one at getintheline﻿ . com /android-3-2-tablet-huawei-mediapad-7-android-3-2-8-gb-wifi-gps.html
and this is better than shity﻿ tegra 2,great powerful with great graphics
Great tab!!﻿ A nice chinese tablet
Asus Slate EP121, hot, hot, hot!!!﻿ I wanna have one!!!
Thanks for taking time to show us what﻿ it can do. Tablets are definitely getting better!
really useful info and a good review. seems this ''baby'' can make﻿ some serious things. thnx for upload.
i love this﻿ i pad just awesome
wow great, my laptop is nothing againts this one﻿ :D
very sleek﻿ design. it looks great. the tablets specs are very good.
This is indeed an amazing review on the Asus that I like very much. You are seriously able to run Photoshop on this wow...I like the slick design as compared to the iPad and yes the iPad battery is useless. ﻿
I was wondering about the﻿ quality of this product, based on the review it looks good.
amazing﻿ tablet pc, and the best things is this tablet using windows os.
wow this is very nice, forget that﻿ ipad2 i want one of these thanks for sharing this with us
iPad Killer! Great review﻿ man! Thanks!
wow..this is very cool..i﻿ want to try it my self...
Excellent design and﻿ seems extra ordinary performance. Good video as well..
wowww.... great stuff. Great review.﻿ Well said about the tablet.
That is really a cool tablet. The review is very refreshing and informative. I think I learned a lot from your﻿ review.
Sweet. Asus puts out good products. This would be great for doctors with terrible handwriting. Looks like the﻿ touch screen has decent sensitivity.
nice english very simple explications thanks i love the computer coz of many wonderful options thank﻿ you man
Tthe information that you shown﻿ is amazing and many prominently. I liked the way you provided things here. Extremely, the concept Paint﻿ Tool Sai is real time applicable and as per the current demand of our society.
Amazing﻿ video,wonderful tablet computer,thanks a lot for sharing.
quick search engine﻿ wonderful and nice i like it
hey.﻿ good item.
nice product..nice﻿ review..just loved it..
one of the best ﻿ tablet PC... nice review...!!!!
An Ipad killer indeed! A very smooth and sleek computing device for everyone.﻿
good video for new technology . Now the new﻿ product Impressed me. thank you for posting.
I like this great interesting video,﻿ very sophisticated device.
An ipad killer indeed! a very smooth and﻿ lovely personal computing device.
It's not just a tablet, but the﻿ most powerful tablet, that costs.
Better than ipad 2﻿
lol, tablet is 100 percent luxury﻿ When tablet have a real purpose to can actually use it for. Then I will buy it.
Not luxury... at least for me it isn't. I have done my digital painting and this has helped tremendously. I can connect it to my tv or other﻿ HD displays to extend the monitor when working with more than one project ( using photoshop) and it works great. I don't see myself carrying around a citiq as easily as I can with this tablet. I guess it depends on what you really need it for in order to judge the product.
Have seen the stuff. Looks great yet the battery life ruins the impression. Competitors go for 8-10 hours with screen brightness set to 80-85 % and both WiFi and Bluetooth on - what is the point of having a tablet with 3-3.5 hours of life with screen brightness set to 50% and both WiFi and Bluetooth on? It is designed for a serious prolonged work (Photoshop, MS Office etc.)﻿ but would shut down almost immediately after watching a single movie.
I have a question, can you play flash games﻿ on it? I'm really likeing it
I believe Samsung Series 7... but I am waiting for﻿ another release for this year hopefully will beat both EP121 and Series 7. I got a chance to hold Series 7 and wow beautiful and so light.
wow i﻿ have never seen anything like this. this is amazing how mutch does it cost
EP121 runs smoothly and so as Samsung Series 7. I'd wait for Windows Surface﻿ as it will kick azz
All students and﻿ business men/women should have one of these.
I bought one of these on Boxing day and I love it. Not as fast as the LG Optimus 2x tegra 2 chipset, it didn't benchamrk as high using quadrant and couldn't run games such as backstab or asphalt 6, and if you're not into the﻿ more intensive 3d games this tablet is GREAT!
IT﻿ IS AMAZING I REALLY want a piece of that :)
It is a responsive tablet and I have yet to note any issues or bugs﻿ with mine. I am really impressed and would recommend it to anyone. I prefer the thickness to the apple ipads as they are just plain dangerous - like handling soap, a recipe for an expensive drop. I have an ipod touch as well but prefer the tablet now for reading. Videos are great - I use VLC and it has played eveything so far
kinda disappointed there's no micro HDMI so u can't connect it to a tv like you could the a500. there's also no 5mp camera on the back of the device so u can't really take pictures of other shit. but besides that I absolutely love this this tablet. its definately not﻿ too thick or heavy. it feels really sturdy, like a quality tab should feel.
the design﻿ is much better than the a500.
﻿ full-usb port!!!!nice!!!
the moment u plugged in﻿ the mouse I was like "this will be mine"
the full size USB port is great though I feel a little bit funny when you plugged in﻿ a mouse. :)
its not a bad tab I got two rooted (one click) and its boss now get EQ app for sound,get lcd screen app for screen has full size usb will play movies from﻿ temp storage streams ok the bigger the sd card the better @350 out the door it aint bad battery it better than average.wifi is good it will drop when it goes to sleep it will connect auto after wake up the big thing is storage expandable up to 32 gb plus full usb is the kicker not a bad tab my wife loves it.
i got mines only for 319.99 it﻿ was a sale week :s
Great tablet. Custom rom on it. Overclocked to 1.5ghz.﻿ Runs great.
I﻿ heard from alot of people that A200 is actually better than A500 the only con about 200 is no rear camera but personally I don't care. I'm getting the A200 for Christmas I'm looking forward getting it.
I've heard from alot of people that A200 has a smoother flip/slide to pages. And it has a better quality. But the cons of A200 is no rear﻿ camera, The screen isn't mega bright for outdoor use. And the A200 is like 100 or 200 dollars cheaper than the A500
omg something thats smaller than a taplet but bigger than a ipod, AND THE BEST PART IS THAT IT HAS A REMOVABLE BATTERY, OMG﻿ THIS IS WHAT I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR, IT DOES EXIST!
The 7 inch model's battery is not replaceable, unfortunately, but the 10 inch one is. It is still a very good﻿ choice, though.
i think﻿ you should get an iconia beacuse it has windows and android sucks
how much? Looks like a nice tablet.﻿ Great unboxing, you should do more of these videos
I was looking and testing﻿ it at comet the other day... I think i might get it :)
nice tablet gonna﻿ buy it
I used to have a Archos 10.1 tablet, but ended up selling it; because of its lack of out the house portability. 10" is too large to just stick in your pocket, and it refused﻿ to tether to any phone. This is very cheap for a Tegra 2 tablet, but it's still got the two problems my previous tablet had. If there was a 7" version, with good phone tethering support, then maybe I'd be interested.
Dear SalseroInsano, please﻿ specify what do you mean by buggy and unresponsive. We would love to make you happy, and solve your problems with tablet but you must provide more information. Just for the matter of fact our tablets are working very well and we do not have any problems with them :)
Nice to see Hanspree are listening to the buyers of the pad. Look forward to the Hannspad having Android Market﻿ and others, and Android 3. Just hurry along please !!! ;-)
Received my 1653 from misco and must say the screen is much better, already have the latest flashback (honeycomb) rom running and I'm very impressed. Also just received my﻿ refund from eBuyer :)
I have a 1653 and its not buggy but since the last update in August the browser flags bad certificates﻿ for all web sites, will it ever get the android market?
The model number isn't listed on﻿ Misco's site but I asked them what model number they had and they said we only have stock of the new (1653) ones. So I ordered and indeed received a "1653" couldn't be happier :)
this looks like a great tablet. I just wish it came with stock honeycomb and not 2.2 with a custom ui.. I'm gonna buy it on ebuyer today and just put the flashback rom on it... if i can figure it out :P ﻿
iReally want﻿ one. :)
hate apple love ipad the are too proprietary when it comes to features and additions like the camera adapter for﻿ sd slot and now the hdmi dongle they could have integrated that instead of make paper thin smart cases probably cost about 2 dollars to make 7 max but we need to pay 40 and 70 like i said im only getting it for the camera so i guess i have a bitter sweet outllook on apple and their products its stupid how i am still going to buy it my american mentality
lol i know but i already messed up and sold my ipad. the second thing that drew me in was garage band but im sure that works with the first model because it on the app store i dont know if i should get it but i﻿ would feel like i wasted my money on apps like korg djay cod zombies etc like about 100 bucks of apps and i dont have any other i devices
There $2 smart case is going to make up for their lose or gain for the ipad 2. Like everybody...love the product...hates Jobs close ecosystem and devious marketing tactics...2011 does like 1984.﻿
This is awesome﻿
thank you﻿ for this awesome review! When here in the netherlands the ipad 2 is in the store im gonna buy one! its soo awesome! thankyou:D
good review man can't wait to get﻿ mine!
THUMBS UP IF YOU WANT ONE REALLY﻿ BAD !
I﻿ want one I would sell my car( it's really my dads car) for one.
I don't usually post my opinion online but I would like to﻿ say this review changed my mind about the iPad 2 and apple. I bought the product and I love it. Thank You
I﻿ love this video 1. because I love the iPad 2. It is a long video the longer the video the more you know.
Has anyone noticed that the Real Racing speed test was a bit of a cheat? The iPad one didn't try to load the same intro movie and went straight﻿ to the Menu and was therefore slower than the iPad2 ?? Not happy about the speed test and the reviewer is hardly unbiased but iPad 2 looks lovely to me anyway
Thumbs﻿ up if u already got an iPad 2 :P
Good review!! I am getting mine at﻿ the end of the week! Cant wait!;D
I soooooooo want one ﻿ but there all sold out bummer I want it I want it awesome
thumbs﻿ up if your getting this soon.
It is difficult to type in portrait view in the iPad in our hand..but if you are not interested in iPad then go for the new samsung galaxy tab...it has a freaking good clarity with android...it has a big screen and﻿ lag is an old story for samsung...I think Galaxy tab is the best one after iPad
ipad 2 is better than any-other tablet﻿
ipad 2 rocks!!!!﻿
THUMBS UP IF YOU FARE GETTING ONE﻿ FOR EASTERS
Ipad 2 is great﻿ and i have no problems with it.
Yesplease1000.... u need to shut up.. The android tablet sucks, there is like 40 apps, and the iPad 2 is like a laptop but probably better! Nobody wants your negative feelings about the iPads or apple. And u can be a complete idiot and still use the iPad. Idle u army able to operate it, then u must be really dumb. Your granny also just﻿ needs to be taught how to use it. So stop hatin on the coolest tablet out currently
I﻿ have the 64g Verizon black and love it.
Awesome review! iPad 2 Smart Cover is amazing thing though﻿
ipad 2=﻿ EPIC + MORE EPIC
thumbs up if you wont the iPad 2 ﻿
getting this beauty on 1st june.﻿ <3
Got Mine Friday!!!!! ﻿ Love it!
June 3rd cant wait :D﻿ and Bawn (disco) :P
@Dprate9966 you like it, then buy it. you are looking﻿ for functionality? get a smartphona, a notebook and a pc. Tablets are just fancy. Still, if you have the money, it won't be a bad investment.
Best review ive seen so far! Although there are good tablets around I like the iPad2 more. The app store is filled with good apps and games and will always be more then the others. I also have a macbook, apple tv, iPhones and a printer capable of airprint so for me﻿ its a nobrainer which tablet to buy. Thanks for this review.
great full﻿ review! cant wait till i get mine! :D
Omg I have iPod still :( sucks balls lol no offense to iPod users but I'm getting the I pad 2﻿ for Christmas thankyou for this video very amazed thanks so much for all the info......I was so amazed with all the new features anybody no where to get a good apple iPad plZzzz comment back thx so much :) and the photobooth is astonishing hahaha I love the apple I pad2 very amazing keep it up apple ~Nick
tbh no matter what upgrades they'll kick in im 99% sure the improvements wont be even a fraction as huge as between the ipad 1 and ipad 2, same as with the iphone, further and further theres less and less new things, only shit changing is the camera quality and slight functionality, but nothing as major as the first iphone and the iphone 3g . Hell, even if they'd﻿ kick up the camera quality on the next ipad it wouldn't really matter because the ipad2 has very nice HD video/pic
i want want want!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!﻿
Buy an iPad 2 the iPad 3 is just gonna be thinner and﻿ stuff (like upgrade from iphone 3 to iphone 3gs)
I love my iPad 2. Also﻿ from reviews they say its better to get a Motorola xoom or the Samsung Galaxy Tab its their opinion. But go with your own opinion for what you like better. Hope this helps clearing up a bit ^_^!
IM WAITINNNN.... The ipad3 is gonna be epic! Im sure of it APPLE ALLL THE﻿ WAY!
the﻿ best shit in the world, and im watching this on the Verizon Galaxy Tab 10.1...Imagine that!
Just got my ipad2 they﻿ r so beast
apple roxxxxx ﻿
@aAndeErson awesome buddy! I finally got my iPad 2 For Free too. The sound quality seems awesome and works amazing!﻿
I loce myy Ipad ttoo i watched this vedio tehen i went﻿ to the store and bought one.. they are F******* awesome]
I﻿ love myy Ipad ttoo i watched this vedio tehen i went to the store and bought one.. they are F******* awesome]
I want the﻿ ipad2 so fricking badly man! But its too expensive :(
I'm getting one for Christmas﻿ (: Well, I'm paying for most of it, but my parents are paying for some. I'm excited! :D
Thumbs if you are getting one of these iPad 2s for Christmas!!!!﻿
i love﻿ my ipad2 i bought imovie and i do my videos with it :D
yes...i needed that....﻿
My aunt has a ipad 2 32 GB it﻿ is very fast
I got mine﻿ for Christmas and I love it
I want a﻿ ipad 2 sooooooooo bad and a smartcase
Love My IPad 2 But I'm Buying The IPad 3﻿ As Well :D
smasung sucks.apple rulez ﻿
nice review i might going to get it﻿ this week or next week
look it must be your internet connection trust﻿ me i got one too and it takes me less then a second to load a web page. if you got a lot of electronics online like a xbox, laptops, or a playstation anything that can you use the router on all the same time the router can get a overloaded with wifi problems
I got one for Christmas and love it!! I'm a girl who rather spend my money on shoes and﻿ clothes than expensive gadgets so the Kindle Fire is perfect for people like me because it's a lot cheaper than the other tablets and you can watch movies, read books, browse facebook, play games and ect.
loving the kindle fire! THANK﻿ U CHRISTMAS
I LOVE MY﻿ KINDLE FIRE!!!!! I GOT IT FOR CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!!!
Ok i have no problmes with my kindle and it was being and working really well. Simple, easy to use and perfect size. Now after 3 weeks of owning it, it is acting up, i cant delete things, i cant put my wifi on, and now its not turning on. I have not dropped it, nor got it wet, i have literatley treated it like a newborn baby, and im really pissed﻿ all this is happening so Amazon really needs to work on there crap >:(
@Maliquetv I too ran into a problem with my first Kindle Fire not coming on nor would it take a charge. I just took it back to Best﻿ Buy and got another one and it now works like a charm. I love it!
this tablet is good for the price﻿
just received my fire﻿ from amazon.com and worth the money. Device has some heft which indicates its build quality and amazon sync works perfectly.
@DutyPauls The kindle has a huge variety of games and other entertainment apps on their AppStore! Popular games like Doodle Jump, Fruit﻿ Ninja, Angry Birds, and other exclusive apps are on the kindle! I really like my kindle fire and would recommend you get one.
Awesome review!!! I can't wait to get a kindle﻿ fire..unless you want to give me yours! lol
Getting a kindle tommorow this was﻿ helpful!!!
i love my kindle i researched kindle vs nook tablet for hours it was a tough﻿ desision but it was definately a good one (writing this with my kindle fire!)
Great review!! I've been looking into getting a kindle or a tablet to read my books on. I'm definitely going to start saving up for it! Thank you so much for the awesome review!﻿
I love my Kindle Fire. I turn it on its side so﻿ the keyboard layout is much more suitable to my fingertips. I freakin' love it. The "Scanner Radio" app is so damn cool...
Nice,﻿ my dad got one
Love the fire:b﻿
screw the ipad im stickin with my kindle :) ill savee the diifference for a better phone :p﻿
OMG! thanks for the review dude! i bought one today from best buy, and i am in﻿ freaking LOVE with it!
I just﻿ got the ipod touch 4g. I should of got the kindle fire!
- The internet browsing is pretty capable. Web pages with lots of flash and graphics take a few seconds to load but other than that, the﻿ internet works great on it.
This was a GREAT﻿ review! I can't wait to get my Kindle!
im 18 now got my dell laptop when i turned 16 im ready for somthing new im buying a kindel fire friday bc ur reveiw﻿ was so good it made me want it n now i cnt wait to get the kindel fire n my hands!!!!!
He gave it a pretty good review but then again the this is sponsored by Audible. if it wasn't for the fact that kindle makes great readers the cynic﻿ in me would totally dismiss this. I would love to get a closer look at this device.
My sister won a kindle for work, and since she doesnt read on a regular basis, she said she'd give it to me...not knowing it was a kindle fire. She's kind of mad, now, but she DOES have an Iphone :). I do love my sister and will let her play with it when I see her! Just checking videos to see what I'll be able to do. (I really would have been happy with a regular﻿ kindle, this is just an added bonus!)
The Kindle Fire supports flash! The funny thing is they don't even mention it, but guess its not a big deal because the kindle fire has a﻿ lot of good features!
Man watch the﻿ review, he clearly says he thought it would feel cheap but it didn't...
this is﻿ nice and its a good review
you can but not all services will be available to you. As far as I know, you wont be able to access the amazon app store, movie streaming or use the cloud service. Other than that, you can use it fine. The good thing is, you dont have to﻿ get anything from amazon. Apps and books can all be gotten from other sources and just drag-n-dropped into the kindle fire.
kindle﻿ fire definaltly!
I would if you like movies and reading books. the best thing about this tablet is the fact that it has alot more﻿ media options in the store
iPod touch if your going to use it as a music player, other than that kindle fire totally out classes the﻿ itouch.
my new kindle fire should be at my house when i get home from school on thuresday, i cant wait!﻿ :) great review!
got mine today, satisfied so﻿ far
Got mine today for my birthday!﻿ Love it!!!!
I think ill wait until the 3g version comes out and maybe with more storage space aswell.﻿ Very good tablet tho.....
Very nice tablet..﻿
I bought this for my wife to keep her away from iPad. She loves it, but she doesn't know﻿ any better
They're actually selling the Kindle Fire at a loss, like they do with games consoles, and making profit through the Kindle store. It's a great looking device﻿ for such a low price, I think it's going to save Android tablets!
good i liked ii i think im going to get one it seems nice i just cant decide if i﻿ should get that or the acer iconia a100
Yes, the quality of videos are awesome on the﻿ app too.
Thanks for the awesome review. I'm now really excited about buying a Kindle Fire. The book a month feature pretty much﻿ sold me.
the kindle fire is awesome , even though i don't have access to﻿ amazon prime ( i live outside the usa) .
Kindle fire is not that good in my opinion,but the price is﻿ pretty cheap
it great tablet for its price ﻿
I've got one and I dont feel that the key bored is slow or anything like that.﻿ I feel its so much faster then the nook and better looking.
nice now i will definately﻿ get one thanks!
Cause Amazon is﻿ cool as fuck and actually cares about their customers.
i got one last wek﻿ and im in love with it my little cousin that is 7 plays on it and wants one now lol
The downside to the Kindle fire compared to the ipad is that the ipad has a camera in the front and back for video and pictures which is great for skype. I use skype to stay in contact with my family who lives far away from me. Also the ipad has a much bigger screen while as the kindle﻿ fire has a smaller screen. If your looking for a bigger screen or a camera then the kindle fire is not for you. For the price you wont find a better tablet at that price. I think I can manage without the camera.
Just got mine﻿ today. I love it
Okayy the Kindle Fire is pretty good, and good for it's price and so many people are like ohh I want...Well, any Android or iPhone does the same things. You can call and text on them tho. If you just get Netflix or Hulu Plus, and the Kindle Books App, then really, there's﻿ no need for a Kindle Fire. Just saying. I was gonna get one and I was soooooo excited but then I found this amazing Android phone I wanted too and I had to pick one, and I needed a better phone and my family has Netflix so ....
Because﻿ the only thing different between them is that a Kindle has more storage, BUT you can call and text on a phone, and it has a microphone and camera so you can record videos and vid chat. My opinion, just get an Android or iPhone and get a Netflix or Hulu Plus app and a Kindle Books app.
I bought the Kindle 3G and I was very impressed with it, but I have my reservations about the Fire. I was very disappointed when it did not have 3G included. How could they do that? However, Soldier, your review is very impressive and made me rethink my decision not to get it, You help me understand a lot more about the Fire and how I can get the best out of it.﻿ Of course, the $200 price tag is nothing to sneeze at. Thank you very much
Alredy bought﻿ mine and its great!!!!
I loved the review! It was very helpful and it sounds like a great product!﻿
I love the Kindle and recommend everyone to get a copy﻿ of Tramp Magazine on it.
It´s an Android Tablet! You con´t have﻿ to stick with the original OS! Just install a new Rom, that´s what Android is good for!
I just bought the goldbox deal i would suggest the kindle fire for﻿ those on a budget
@AnotherAnonTroll You are a biased idiot. Do you even own a Kindle Fire. If you want a camera buy something else but if you want a reliable tablet from a great company get the Kindle Fire. Most of the flaws you mentioned are stupid or false. Try using logic﻿ instead of making yourself look like a dumbass poor bastard.
Thanks good review﻿ I'm getting one of those sounds pretty good
Im watching this on my kindle fire! I﻿ love it! even my family wants it too!
Great review just bought one for mama, she seems to like it ﻿
I really like your review.I recently purchased the Kindle fire and I love it. I﻿ think that your review was honest and not biased. I feel that if you are looking for an ebook plus more this is great. I think that if you are looking for it to do what an IPad can do, then you will be disappointed. I love it, I just learned to email my PDF's and word docs to it, now I can read my text books.
Your review was just the push I needed after all the research I've been doing on readers and similar products. I pretty much settled for the $79 Kindle. But the Fire has much better visual delight and packs in many more﻿ features. The Kindle it is, then!! Thanks again!!
May I know whether﻿ it is selling in Singapore? I would love to have one! :)
Good review. Is it true that Kindle Fire is difficult to read in bright sunlight or on the beach? The touch navigation is very nice, but it﻿ doesn't function as nicely or quickly as it does on the iPad or even the Kindle Touch.
this is﻿ such an amazing review. thank you so much. i've been debating from this one and nook color, and this review made me go with the fire.(: can't wait to get it!
The kindle fire is a very﻿ cool tablet.it's fucking awesome!!!!! I really want to buy it.
i love the Kindle Fire﻿ you can get on youtube read books play games
Just bought one for my wife...she is in heaven...now we will go broke from all of the books and magazines she will﻿ buy!!!!
I like the idea if the kindle fire. It's the open door to the fair price technology in a bad economic times. I feel, that even﻿ though it has some things that could be smoother in performance, for the price, its great for getting you feet wet in the tablet world. Good video Soldier.
I love this!! i was debading to get a kindle fire ,﻿ or a better phone than i have now. I keeptt going back and forth, but then stopped at this one. This is a perfect review, and also exacltly what i was looking for!!!! thanks so much!!
Thanks to your review on the Kindle Fire, My parents are﻿ totally for it! Looks like I will be receiving a Kindle Fire for my high school Graduation:)
im watching this﻿ on my kindle fire..good quality
yes cool but can u blend it﻿
that was 2 good, maybe my mom can buy it﻿ for me.
I personally don't care for the Kindle Fire anymore. Yes, it's a huge advantage that it has the entire Amazon ecosystem. However, it's a huge disadvantage because it's not running actual Android, and doesn't have features other tablets in the﻿ same price range have, such as Bluetooth.
i﻿ love kindle fire
kindle fire all the﻿ way
THUMBS UP﻿ IF YOU THINK THAT KINDLE IS DA BEST !!
watching this on my kindle fire.﻿ btw the keyboard is betterc
Nexus has screen lock issues. Scrolling dead spots, etc. Such a bad deal. Go with﻿ the Galaxy, ipad mini or kindle fire!
I﻿ was a bit skeptical about buying this new product because as you said I did think that it could be a bit cheap but after seeing this video review you have cleared all my doubts about getting it. I can tell im going to like it. Thank you so much!
Yeah, I'm doing a book report and I don't have to wait on the book at the library, I can just get it for a lower amount too, like for example, Twilight 1st book is about 6.99, the original copy is like 15.99. So yeah man I got it like in march, it's pretty good, And one question, Do you have HBO? if you do you could download the HBO go app on the kindle fire and watch movies on it, till﻿ your free trial on the free movies ends. It gives you a free trial.
Nice review man, just what I needed. I won a Kindle Fire from my job yesterday, feeling even better about it now.﻿
getting one next month﻿ because I read way too much. so excited, though!
i have one.. I LOVE IT.. but the only down side to it freezes sometimes it really fucking pisses me off but other than that it does everything u need to get﻿ done
Nicely done you made it sound better than on the commercial. And apple iPad to me is just the same thing as an iPod touch just a bigger screen and has more battery﻿ life. So I would rather have a kindle fire
This﻿ seems like a solid device. Good review.
Great review! Thank you very much for this. Finally﻿ books on kindle can be viewed in glorious technicolor instead of monochrome
Very good for one handed use...﻿ Ahhhh yeahhh
Bought﻿ one tonight for my wife. I know she will love it.
Very spot on! But I didn't﻿ have the problems you had with the gyromotion of the screen or keyboard.
Love the Fire, nice vid﻿ guys =^^=
yes but does it work just fine out side america? im asking cuz it seems strange that its the﻿ best and really cheap but i cant find it anywhere here, so i thought maybe it cant be used here
Thank you for the review. I been thinking about getting one and this really helps me with my decision. I don't need a fancy tablet i read alot and do facebook.﻿ So i am glad it has WI-FII.
well d get an ipad if i could but i dont have much to send.. and i still find this one very good.. but im looking for an android tablet and among the others i find this one good. its just that﻿ i see all the other ones but not this one..
Great Review :) This is very helpful because I have been wanting information on this tablet before I went and bought one so I think I am going to get this one for sure it is very nice and even though it may have alittle lag it still looks very decent.﻿ And i am a cosmetology student so when I go on breaks and stuff this would be perfect to use for reading books or playing a game :) lol thank you.
i need﻿ kindle fire
Good for﻿ one handed use......
I think it would be a sweet present. I love reading also, and have always said I like the physical feel of a book BUT﻿ I want to invest in an e-reader. It'll make it so much easier to travel with and read on the go. I hate stuffing my book in my purse, because I am afraid of it getting damaged. I say, get it for her! :)
ngp will pwn the shit out of this﻿ tablet
i hate apple fanboys this is a great competiter﻿ so STFU
I agree, but i'd also rather spend my time enjoying the things i enjoy﻿ (android) instead of talking about how much apple (fanboys?) don't enjoy it. There will be haters. The older you get, the more you either learn to deal with it or complain about it even more.
I bought my dual core sweet ass laptop for $650. And that was a year ago. Xoom is great. For $300. Should be in﻿ the same category as ipod touch
This thing is so sexy but it is sooo expensive. Somehow, even more﻿ expensive than Apple.
i like the ipad 2 design...but cmon everyone nows that I﻿ OS is absolute shiittt compared to honeycomb. If u dont, than i feel sad for u apple fan boys
Have you looked at﻿ that OS? I mean, look at it! Really look at that! Now that's a tablet OS!
based on your review, i do think﻿ this is better than ipad
Yup,﻿ The iPad 2 doesn't stand a chance.
The iPad 2 WILL destroy this. Even though this has the better device hardware and﻿ software wise. But iOS is seriously getting boring.
I like iOS﻿ and Android, i'm not a fanboy, and i really think HoneyComb and the XOOM is WAY better than the iPad 2
WTF are you talking about... the iPad two is gonnabe a slight upgrade. This thing is beast, dual core snapdragon, honeycomb (AwESOME), it's android..., and it's not﻿ apple.
i really﻿ like this one.
i really like this﻿ one. i think it killed ipad. just wait for more apps. but who knows what ipad will be like when i try it out. lol
Hmm, the Xoom is a pretty good tablet, but I'm going with the iPad 2. There's just more apps on the iTunes App﻿ Store compared to the Android Market.
I'm getting﻿ the iPad 2, but the Xoom is better in my opinion. BUT ... Just too expensive and heavy.
Xoom has the best﻿ and nicest OS iPad 2 has the more apps and looks better Playbook looks sweet. HP Touchpad is just fail. I'd wait for a cheaper and better Android Tab from LG/Samsung or get the iPad 2 That Xoom is ugly!
I really like android 3.0 just needs﻿ some time to mature. Tho it does cost to much im my opinion id wait till the os matures and more devices ship with it.
ipad2﻿ is still just a iphone4 with a bigger screen atleast the xoom looks like an actual tablet.
i see you have alot﻿ of apple fanboys. In reality.... the Motorola Xoom is a far superior device.
xoom﻿ has the better hardware but ipad 2 has a better software to optimize the hardware
Agreed. The apple fanboys are really annoying. guess﻿ they can't accept that android is far superior.
the﻿ ipad 2 cant even do whats on the xooms home screen let alone an infinity of other things
tablet﻿ specs aside... Honeycomb DESTROYS ios in every way.. tablet specs.... The xoom is just as good if not better than the ipad 2.. You guys are morons.
This is more boss then Charlie Sheen. Xoom﻿ is winning.
Just saying﻿ that because it is absolutely true. Apple has a lot of time to optimize their software to the hardware of the iPhone/iPad. Android is open and can be put on just about anything lol. I am probably going with the iPad 2 because as a tablet, I think Apple dominates that category
only﻿ hipsters with fake glasses and who act like girls will buy the ipad 2 ppl with half a brain will buy a xoom
i know it works i own an iphone myself but i would like to see a change in the OS not just hardware im getting bored of iOS. It looked amazing a couple years ago but its getting old. android may﻿ not be as pretty as iOS but its more functional but you can make android look better with better customization which the beauty of android :)
So much more freedom with Android then﻿ apple
this is a great tablet and i will admit i am a apple﻿ fanboy but the ui is so cool and you can customize it which the ipad to doesn't allow
i like the﻿ xoom kinda better, its more of a pc like tablet , ipad is kinda too cartoony for me.
lol i cant wait to trash my iphone 3g for a new android phone im just waiting for the next dual core phone with a 4.3 screen﻿ i dont like the atrix lets see what comes out in the summer I cant wait! lol
Price and lag... Good review!﻿ The device looks solid, definitely. The OS needs more which it obviously does not have at the moment.
what are you talking about? i'm a fandroid but he always seems to favor the android products. he said before smackdowns that he uses an iphone but said﻿ the android phone was better.
Android >>>﻿ iOS
gotta love the apple fanboys﻿ who don't care about the capabilities other products have. ios is obsolete.
XOOM﻿ > iPad 2 Fact.
Android Gingerbread > iOS Android﻿ Gingerbread > Jailbroken iOS Simple as that. Coming from a person with an EVO.
But for the record, Honeycomb 3 looks nice... It's much better than multitasking on the IOS, as well as it's notification system, but iPad still seems to have the upperhand on overall hardware. So chill﻿ out, not all Apple users are tools... most of them are purely fanboys who will buy anything Steve Jobs put out even if it was his own shit branded with a Apple logo. It's all about preference at the end of the day I suppose and the iPad would be my choice of tab... end discussion
UGH, why is it that every time there is an Android or iOS device there is a war between the two? If you﻿ got a problem with the actual DEVICE (like I don't like the soft key buttons on here, but I can use an Android 2.2 device with touch buttons) then don't use it....both iPad and Xoom are great products!!
iOS﻿ suck
HoneyComb >﻿ iOS Supersized..
Xoom is good iPad is also﻿ good i like both xoom and Ipad
xoom using 3.0 looks promising but it's buggy. ipad 2 on the other hand you know you are getting a polished os. with thousands of apps. ﻿ not to mention high resale value. andriod devices seems like pc the moment u buy it it isnt really worth as much do to many suppliers. apple well it's still apple. i just wish google have some quality control over the android some android devices are really a piece of turd not saying all just some. pros and cons on all devices. just find what fits you.
the browser looked pretty damn fast to me. and of course it just came out,﻿ give the devs some time lol
well not screw android, i have droid x and its pretty good, of course ios is better no matter what but lets not forget android is pretty good, however my next phone will be a iphone﻿ 5
iPad has no widgets,﻿ thats a deal breaker right there for me
You people crack me up, you can pick up a WiFi version Xoom for $539.00 at Sam's Club. A WiFi version of the iPad 2 is starting at $499.00. The Xoom has a 32GB SD card (upgradeable too) which means to be equal we would have to compare a Wifi iPad 2 with 32GB which is now $599.00 ($60.00 more). Also, your not taking into consideration 4G and the fact that the Xoom has a﻿ built in HDMI port ($50.00 Extra for Apple Adapter). We are already over $110.00 and we are still not done. No USB 2.0 + More!
I like the Xoom, but that price﻿ is a huge negative. Btw...please invest in a dedicate mike.
y do people worry about the price they'll eventually decrease the price﻿ the overall product of the xoom is better
im a fan of motarola i dont like the over hype of apple products but i think it will take some time for the google team to learn from their mistakes and i suspect in a few years thell surpass apple but until now im with ipad ...my droid is slow as crap sometimes i﻿ really just was disapointed with the hype of android it really hasnt preformed to its full potential
I think Android 3.0 is a very intuitive and well developed OS, especially since it is the first Android OS designed especially for tablets. Improvements can be made, such as the lack of apps and the speed lag,﻿ but for the most part it is a great option and I would be happy to own the Xoom!
If that thing﻿ gets fully optimized with the dual-core processor then it's a buy for me.
Almost everything is right about the Xoom except the price, the weak Apps so far and I don't trust Motorola to make it worth my money over a long period of time either. With the iPad already a year old and Apple as it's maker you already know it is a proven winner and you can just get it and enjoy so much more. Right now you can get﻿ the first iPad for 399.00 The Xoom just can't beat that.
i don't even know WHY THE HECK! APPLE DOES NOT INCLUDE FLASH TO WEB﻿ BROWSER the ipad would be thebest if so
All I Hear is is saying it isnt fast , the pinch-to-zoom was lagy . . . well thats just ur's cuz all the other 10 reviews ive watched speak other wise . im just saying ﻿
The tablet looks good but what kills it it's running android, get a smoothing running software on﻿ it plus get some apps too.
Thanks Jon I think I will hold out on this one after seeing a few reviews on this product I can clearly see that in each review the reviewer identifies the same issues that need﻿ to be patched updated and resolved.
@ips2393 It's more like the droid bionic Evo doesn't have a dual core processor or verizon And at least the os is fresh and customizable iOS﻿ is stale and not Much different on iPad or iPhone
iPad 2﻿ is the biggest disappointment of 2011
Ipass 2 is not worth it. No upgraded screen res, I am not asking for like 2400 by like﻿ 2000, but atleast 1080p. Additionally, not being able to change memory is a downside. There is just no wow factor for the ipad 2 either. :C
You are free to organize it anyway you want. The default UI may not be as polished as Apple's﻿ but it is open source so you can change it to anything you like.
HTC Flyer >﻿ Xoom > Ipad 2
That may have just been my layout. One of﻿ the nice things about Android is you can customize the homescreens to fit your style.
I like it, but the XOOM﻿ doesn't like my wallet too well...
Way better than﻿ the iPad.
Great review! You've almost convinced this apple fanboy that the xoom might not be a﻿ complete POS. The widgets looks great! Definitely my favorite feature that you presented.
I used to like you but now you're just a complete FANDROID. You are completely wrong on so many things. First the homescreen is great. Widgets are just overrated. Oh let me kill my battery﻿ just so i can see that the weather﻿ was the same as it was 5 minutes ago. Multitasking is fantastic. The way Apple has﻿ it set up is the way it's meant to be on mobile platforms. Android isn't meant for everyone because it's hardly usable. But Apple is aiming and succeeding at making iOS usable by anyone.
It's like your afraid of saying a product isn't what it's supposed to be. The Xoom (hardware) itself might indeed have potential, but in general this is just an unfinished product. No regular consumer would ever be interested in a product like this. Honeycomb obviously doesn't deliver a smooth experience and it's got almost no apps to try out. Apart﻿ from all this, it's really ugly as hell. WTH is the task-bar-thing? I really would have expected Google to do a better job.
Theres no﻿ lags.
I agree with you. I am a big apple fan but iOS is a bit dated in terms of﻿ looks and customisation.
Only﻿ like Android Tablets for game console emulators!
I used to like you but now you're just a complete FANDROID. You are completely wrong on so many things. First the homescreen is great. Widgets are just overrated. Oh let me kill﻿ my battery﻿ just so i can see that﻿ the weather﻿ was the same as it was 5 minutes ago. Multitasking is fantastic. The way Apple has it set up is the way it's meant to be on mobile platforms. Android isn't meant for everyone because it's hardly usable. But Apple is aiming and succeeding at making iOS usable by anyone.
you are the fanboy here my friend. but if your fine with missing features﻿ do go buy an ipad
I'm really getting irritated by the typical "put widgets on the homescreen to kill battery" argument. Do the people who say this own any Android devices? They barely, if at all, do﻿ anything. My Nexus One last an entire day if not more even littered with a bunch of widgets. Make another argument, people. Seriously.
Looking at this video did not say hey I want this instead of an iPad...I say this because Apple's iOS came out first with a lot of the features that are being shown in this video and on Android devices. The only thing I see that is cool is the notification system﻿ that Android uses which is second to none, other than that it seems like I would play with this and then put it down forever. It makes me feel like it's Windows all over again with a Cadillac grill or something. Needs more!
On another note you mentioned﻿ the apps, yes apps make up a huge amount of usability for any tablet but the problem is this, (Android)does not separate itself from anything else(Apple) and it is not better than Apple iOS, yes there are some features that are different which is really good but it needs more, this makes me feel like Apple his everything on the head right and everyone else just seems to copy and is the same. Touch/Swipe/Flick/scroll/dbl tap/apps/icons/ all of this stuff is iOS 1st!
It's not Jon's fault that you can't get used to a more in depth and﻿ interactive Operating System. Appl'es iOS is the most rigid OS out there, because Apple is afraid of change. That's why Android has beat out Apple sales recently, because no one wants a suckish iPhone anymore.
No apps, Not worth it. App store is reason enough to buy a iPad over this.. hardware is well and good but when it comes down to it﻿ there is nothing out there to run on this thing. In comparison to the iPad anyways.
The only reason I'm wary of the Xoom is that Motorola's support for Android devices in Canada (such as the Milestone, which I have and love) has been HORRIBLE. Though presumably that may not be an issue﻿ with the wifi only model since I'd imagine updates would flow a bit more freely.
i can live without the widgets but﻿ i love how they did multitasking.
@tsiorretX yeah well it's looking like android will surpass them since they have a significantly bigger market share... Apple﻿ could learn a few things from google, especially multiple phones running one specific OS
@henrikroxs wow what an apple fanboy, "iOS is targeted for everyone" yeah well how come I see my 84 year old granpa using android instead of apple, cmon apple is good but android is just better, it's got better multitasking,browser,and overall UI, iOS is soooo stale and notifications get in the way so much, are you just trolling or are﻿ you really that stupid
looks good i cant wait to get the wifi version﻿ great review
its﻿ amazing. my xoom is fast. I have almost 100 aps. no slowing down here.
ipad have a better price and apps . Honeycomb also is﻿ very good but too expensive for me.
yeah i would﻿ choose the feauture, knowing that google would improve everything with software updates.
Xoom fan! I mean I love everything about it.﻿
While i contemplate buying a Xoom and retiring my ipad the lack of apps in the android store didn't concern me, As most of my Ipad apps are for websites that have had to use apps to make up for the ipad's web browser shortcomings. A Xoom with the upcoming flash support would enable me to get rid of most﻿ of the apps i use. I have had an IPad since release and i am fed up of making concessions for it.
as any apple fanboy, you dont like flash. which works good. second off all, i think the userface is beatifull where however i thin the iOS is﻿ boring. i also think that android, is easy to use. for examble, there is to much tapping needed to go to settings in iOS. in android its to action. menu button, settings. since i shifted from ipod touch, to android, that menu button have been 100% necessary to me. so your arguments are all empty. however do go buy an iPad 2. its okay.
I like honeycomb, but I'll rather wait and see what other manufacturers have to offer, lets﻿ say HTC or Sony for example.
If your looking for a tablet to replace your laptop you buy a xoom If you looking for a tablet to run apps on a bigger﻿ screen you buy an iPad they are two products targeting different things, in my mind, I already have an ipad, in my pocket,﻿ its my iphone4 the xoom is much more than a phone.. its a computer that runs android's apps.. a tablet for me has to have widgets, flash player, expandable storage, a usb port, a high performance GPU, hdmi without an adapter.. to me xoom>ipad
This is one of the best reviews from you. You covered all stuff that matters and did it much faster than in previous videos. Also, I can't agree more with your review. I would prefer Honeycomb over iOS any day, but right now it's a little fresh and needs a lot of polish. This is a true tablet OS, and I﻿ think it will be the future for tablets. However, the iPad will always have an advantage over it in terms of apps because of these easy-to-use SDK.
the motorola xoom is much better than the ipad﻿ 2 .
the build quality of the xoom is much better; wifi + 3g comes standard 4g coming soon. bigger screen﻿ , better resolution. 1 gb of memory on xoom. i just hate apple and all its products.
cameras are standard ipad 2 has a﻿ 1mps and a vga is apple the standard i think a 5mps back and a 2mp front crushes it
@oliverblaser - if you do not own a tablet, get﻿ an iPad 2 because it is simple to use and easy to learn, but the Xoom looks like it's got a learning curve.
This is﻿ THE android 3 tablet, that's meant to beat the iPad 2... And the browser crashes! A built in feature crashes! Shockingly bad. And there's about 4 apps :L
google is now only asking for 10% of revenue made from apps as opposed to the 30% that apple demands. in about a year or two. There will be many more android apps than apple apps. however, apple will continue to make﻿ the most technologically advanced devices but they won't have anything on it
Android 3 tablet? Are you﻿ dumb? Android doesnt come out with tablets, many hardware makers do. There are mannnnnyyyy more than 3 android tablets, its an opensource os, anyone can use it. Built in features in the ipad2 crash just as much! Educate yourself before you comment.
I want this thing so bad. Its way better than the Ipads﻿
im going to sell this shitty tablet ! its﻿ perfect except it cant multi-task :(
Cant see how you think ipad 2 is great. Its a piece of crap. It's not just because it doesnt have flash. It doesn't have usb, you cant do hdmi without buying apple hook up and then hdmi hook cable. The camera is crap, the memory is only 512 vs 1gig. You cant do anything without hooking it up to a damn computer and syncing with that bull crap itunes, ONLY decent thing it has going for it is the app store and last i looked it at had only 800 more﻿ than android.
my XOOM is awesome for watching﻿ xvideos!!! =D
@Niloc8200 there's service for android. In the﻿ android market, there's movies,book content you can download to your tablets and transfer music Google music. Developers are lazy on Honeycomb. Apple hasn't beaten android tabs because of apps, I believe not.
@toadsworthrox when ICS 4 comes﻿ out, iOS 5 will be outdated.
@xtremenoise11 I have an iPad 2 and I don't recommend it. It has problems and some﻿ apps suck. Lots of software problems. I'm gonna ask my dad to return it so I can get the xoom! :)
I think Xoom better than iPad 2. But u must decide what is better for u.﻿
Omg, I sooooo love this Motorola Xoom. I﻿ am saving my money on Motorola Xoom with WiFi + 3G.
I am xoom﻿ fan
i have a 99 doller tablet.you call that slow?for﻿ what i just saw,that thing is not abit slow. you where flying.may not be the fastest,but slow?not that thing!
I have had this since the day its came out, im actually on it right now. I have experienced crashes, lag, random reboots. But this﻿ was my first tablet, I now have 3 other tablets including the new iPad, but this is the one I go on most of all. its amazeballs. Highly recommend this product for anyone.
tablet good﻿ software was bad, but now soft ware is good.
this one is better than the last one by a long shot :) ﻿
For some reason, I feel﻿ this one is going to Rock. Love Asus!!
good products, bad﻿ commercials
Okay okay okay. Great ad, probably great product. Now for a reality check: What kind of pompous, self involved dumbass would take his gigantic 7" tablet (and keyboard!) EVERYWHERE HE WENT?! They should have stuck to home/school/indoor scenarios, no one takes their tablet SKATEBOARDING, of all things. It's 2011, not only can your cellphone make calls, it can record pretty good video too, and is less likely to get stolen, because it can fit﻿ in your pocket
WANT﻿
OH well, you can argue who takes a laptop anywhere. Its a commercial marketed at a﻿ younger audience, obviously they are trying to sell how its mobility is gonna help your lifestyle become that much more fun. The truth is, most ppl would probably just use it indoors and i think its perfectly fine to carry your laptop around in a pouch. I think the "apple" tablet marketing has caused us to think that tablets are THAT much different from laptops. Cuz we all know ipads can't do shit.
Wow, i saw a heavy atrix shadow in the movie....a bigger version! LOL~ But i like the concept. Notebook﻿ replacer!
I agree with you but the truth is if you can't take a laptop somewhere you probably shouldn't take a tablet either, because the only thing tablets have on laptops is portability. Otherwise they are more underpowered and under-equipped for pretty much anything, while laptops﻿ often rival desktops in processing power and versatility. If the only advantage a tablet has over my cellphone is that it has a bigger screen, i might as well just lug the laptop around. They're not that heavy anymor
That guy looks like a fuckin douchebag. Nice product﻿ though
I must have one of﻿ those.
Well it's useless for a lot of people but useful for some. As a webdeveloper it's a great way to show websites to customers﻿ and let them interact with them. Much easier then bringing a laptop and let them use the site there.
well, tablets are basically dumbed downed laptops with no keyboards, but touchscreen. If all you fancy is internet surfing and socializing on the go, then i guess a tablet is "okay" if you are willing to pay more for less. The main difference is you can use the tablet more easily while﻿ walking, standing as opposed to a laptop. The tablet that i do have faith in, is the asus tablet with the wacom pen. I see it has potential, just too little hard disk and too much price.
This coming from an Apple fanboy... This kicks the iPad's ass by far! Now there's a product﻿ that finally closes that gap between tablet and laptop :)
Wow, what an awesome tablet, but what a stupid video... and﻿ song -_-
i wish i have this Eee pad and it's transfomer﻿
Fuck you apple, asus have designed a new tablet﻿ ^^
Oh, gosh, I want one of that. Right﻿ now. *_*
Oh, gosh, I want﻿ one of that. Right now. *_*
What a broring commercial... they look﻿ soo fake. But got to admit that the product seem pretty interesting.
This ad﻿ sucks, but the eee pad looks awesome
@gamermjs, if you discard the touchscreen and tablet form factor you can choose Asus 1215N ... A 'tad' better﻿ than this ... but not so 'versatile'
sry to sink your ship but the ipad 2 can run youtube vids. Eee Pad is still way better though.﻿ You have all the apps, widgets, flash player, a better camera, better specs. the only reason the ipad 2 apears to run "slightly" faster is because it is running about half the stuff this tablet is doing. All in all it's just a better deal. Plus the price tag!.. *rambles on*
Out﻿ of all the tablets out there, this is the only that attracts me.
AMERICAN MEN THINK THEY CAN MAKE BETTER PRODUCTS THAN ASUS??? IPAD???? ROFL WHY DID AMERICAN MEN﻿ MAKE IPADS AFTER ASUS MADE THEIR EEEPCS???LOL BECAUSE THEY'RE AMERICAN MEN THAT COPY ASUS LOLOLOLOL (btw being serious now... one question... why is your English so terrible?.... are all Americans bad at English?)
transformer, more than﻿ meets the eye!
Now IPAD 2 is a﻿ piece of shit!
Device﻿ looks nice, but this video is so obnoxious. lol
this is the tablet we've﻿ all been waiting for!!!!!
This﻿ thing.... IS AMAZING.
ASUS Eee Pad Transformer﻿ is outstanding. Mutliple function makes mutilple lifestyle:)
Very good tablet.... except that lousy Tegra 2﻿ - That lacks of High profile MPEG4 and NEON technology thereby has performance problems when playing BD Rips, MKVs, DivX HD and even on Flash Video 3.0 , and Citrix HDX, and OnLive and Non-Tegra games...and .... and.......
The Playbook is a great piece of hardware and the OS is smooth as butter. Tom﻿ is right though, it just doesn't offer much in terms of apps. I'm personally just not sold on tablets, yet. I'm hoping that the Windows 8 tablets will change my mind, but we'll just have to see. heh
The Playbook is﻿ a great piece of hardware and the OS is smooth as butter. Tom is right though, it just doesn't offer much in terms of apps. I'm personally just not sold on tablets, yet. I'm hoping that the Windows 8 tablets will change my mind, but we'll just have to see. heh
tbh i dont want the kindle store anyway. im not looking for an ereader with ebooks, i﻿ just want a good working tablet that has availability of apps. and theyve recently dropped the price to $198 so I'm definitely getting one. Plus theres so many excellent features with the playbook! 2 cameras, app world, and even if i did want to read an ebook theres the kobo store.
200 bucks right now buys a 64gb playbook right now, gonna let that sink in for a minute...ok so I own a ipad, hp touchpad, and the new kindle fire, but just for being able to load 64gbs of media files to a tablet is damn﻿ nice at $200. It plays a ton of video formats too! Very snappy playback so far.
kindle sucks, Rim is better and Apple is for occupy wall street left wing pinkos.﻿
XD awsome, but with production stopped why do people buy them? ﻿
This is indeed a good device, the only reason it is not selling firstly is the price point, features are lacking, poor app world content from RIM, cold war era phones and OS... and the BIGGEST OF ALL??? RIM LOST ITS GOODWILL with most of its customers cause of poor service and old-school blackberry phones... Goodwill is the BIGGEST and most priceless asset for any business. You loose it and you are pretty much done. It﻿ doesn't matter what you do...if it is gone it is gone.
The guy in this video is just trying﻿ to nail another coffin in the Playbook's Coffin. I would not be surprised if Amazon paid him to do this video. The fact if the matter is, Amazon has to remove the competitions product in order to promote their own. Content and new operating system is forthcoming for the playbook, and is already a much better device. I paid $399.00 for a 64 GB version. Nobody else can do that.
Despite what the media has been saying about the playbook, its actually not a bad tablet. It fits nicely into my inside coat pocket, and is easily transportable unlike the Ipad. I﻿ wouldn't pay $499 for the Playbook but when its being offered at $199 on sale, the price can't be beat. It may not offer as many apps, but then again how many apps do you really need to live?
My Blackberry Playbook﻿ is GREAT :)
Just got one of those and a kobo for﻿ shits and giggles from airmiles now I'm glad I did
Blackberry Playbook﻿﻿ is GREAT :)
got one for that price and﻿ ITS WORTH IT
blackberry playbook is pretty legit amazing.﻿ if you are not going to read a book, amazon kindle fire isn't as good. netflix is supported on kindle fire tho.
The Playbook is NOT useless if you don't have a BB phone. There are all sorts of great apps for it and tons of things you can do the﻿ tablet by itself. What is useless is this so-called review. And, you CAN read Kindle books on the Playbook with a third-party app. How about really learning the device before reviewing it, Tom.
I wonder.. the kindle fire lacks a camera etc, but it will likely have better app support, and a﻿ screen which isn't plagued by pixel problems.
blackberry is the only phone company that meade something for kids. it﻿ has the word play in it, so ovibiously.
Correction. Dead(useless) to you dude. For me it's perfect. Fuck mac and screw android tablets. SO generic now. And you can forget the Kindle fire. The playbook has built in GPS and lots of other stuff that the kindle fire doesn't.﻿
thats true i didnt know it had gps but i﻿ think i like the playbook more than the kindle fire..mostly because of the cameras but i like pictures:)
Kobo﻿ has a larger book selection
the screen looks amazing. and it's true HD. i'm not sure what gossip you've been listening﻿ to but it's time to stop spreading it
thanks. i'll have a look for this dark spot. i don't do apps. i just need some email service when i'm in asia. which does standard wifi for free everywhere so it's perfect. lack of skype is my only real big complaint so far. and linking it﻿ to my pc is turning into a nightmare. but it runs quick and looks sweet
Glad you're liking it. It is a nice device it just could be better. It's good for browsing and now Emailing etc is good too. And the best thing about it is﻿ it doesn't have an apple on it :)
The screen is indeed amazing, but 'true' HD﻿ is 1080p
My laptop is broken but this bacically replases it﻿
I just got this for﻿ my gf , and it works GREAT !
it seems like very cool and usefull device.﻿
Im just dissapointed that it can't play netflix. but that's really the only thing i don't like﻿ about it.
the best tablet on the market.﻿ definitely has beaten apple in the innovation department
Thinking about this, nice keyboard﻿ add! Kinda thick thou, but still good!!
On Amazon, it is on order for like 800 bucks... I don't know why--either because that is the real price, or because these are the European releases, thus inflation. If it really is $500 then I would definitely consider buying this tablet. Really, it's the first tablet I would even consider buying. All future tablets take note--this is will be the desired form-factor for people who want to do things other than watch YouTube﻿ and play Angry Birds.
Cool﻿ but is never get it.
@c4maniac why would it, first its a tablet... but with a built in keyboard and ability to mimic a netbook, wich both dont have one... ya it would be cool, but it would most likley be at least inches thick if it had one... and substantially﻿ more expensive
If apple made somethin like this ppl would praise them for innovation, etc. when Asus does it no one cares. just like 2002, bill gates introduces first tablet computer. 8 years lates steve jobs introduces﻿ the iPad. world goes fucking insane. pp, are fucking stupid. Thumbs this up if you love asus. I personally like asus for many reasons. repuplic of gamers. OWN stuff. Garphics cards and motherboards. I have had the same asus laptop for 2,5 years without ANY problem. Asus ftw
asus stuff has always rocked i got a old expensive laptop of theirs thats 11 years old, still works and build﻿ quality is rock solid.
The keyboard dock has two USB ports and an SD card slot. You can put a 64GB card in there and plug in two more 1TB hard drives into the USB ports. You can even use one USB port to power an external flash card reader to offload all your photos or video to an external hard drive on the other port. This is why the ASUS dock already stands out. In fact, after filming, we used the dock to﻿ transfer footage from camera to external hard drive :)
That's﻿ a pretty cool product.
awesome review make me have more confidence to investment this gadget even though I already have used an iPad at work, but I love the keyboard﻿ docking station combine with Asus tablet
If the A500 was substantially cheaper. And we're talking well over $100 less, then the ACER would be﻿ a great buy. But the ASUS is the better machine and the keyboard integration is fantastic.
If they announce Jelly Bean 4.1 update for TF101, then you should get it. It's already a great tablet, it'll be fantastic with the Android update. Hopefully ASUS comes through.﻿
Our unit with the latest ICS updates has no issues related to the hardware itself. Any crashes that happen seem to be due to apps behaving badly. The more popular apps are all stable, but some of the less﻿ frequently updated ones can have problems. But again, not the fault of the device. If ASUS pledges support for 4.1 Jelly Bean, then this tablet is a no brainer at the prices it is clearing out for.
Thanks for the comments guys. I﻿ think I will pick up this tablet; it sounds like a solid pick.
full OS ftw.. nice one asus keep developing this product it is﻿ the only contender to ipad.. and tbh i prefer it as its a full computer :)
I was so stoked when I seen this﻿ on engadget, finally someone is thinking of the illustrators and artists! Too bad I don't have a job or any money... such is the life of a poor illustrator.
I have gotten this tablet in november 2011, it had some problems here and there with the social media app keep force closing﻿ but its fixed now :)..the best thing i love about this tablet is that i can use it as a universal remote
YES!!!!!!!!!! SONY﻿ ALLTHEWAY
Mine will be in﻿ the mail Thursday:)))
i was originally going to get the apple iPad for my birthday,﻿ however i came across this and immediately got my mum to cancel the shipping, and told her to order the sony s.... the playstation gaming won me over straight away! happy i saw this!
ive tried both iPad2 and this. This﻿ is way better IMO. The camera is awesome.
Bored... but﻿ Android ftw
Is that original version of nfs shift?it works much﻿ faster than my :(
There is now and Jelly Bean CM10 for slim S7,everything works exept camera and so﻿ much faster then original firmare.
Too bad it doesn't have working GPS like promised and I wouldn't have returned mine. I'll probably still buy one﻿ in the future once RIM has that figured out as it's a great little tablet.
It is a great tablet but the main problem is its os... If they included android, that would be﻿ awsome
actually﻿ it's the reverse... I own both, and the Android is like a toy, the BB Tablet OS is far beyond Android... Android just feels like I am using the phone OS (in essence you are) whereas the OS on the BB is tailored for the PB, and because it's QNX based (probably the best OS out there) Android, iOS, Web OS are not on the same level.. If they put Android on this, it would be a step backwards.
blackberry playbook is way better than the ipad.....i should know, i had both of them and then i sold my ipad﻿
Should I get a Blackberry Playbook or an Amazon Kindle Fire. ? Although I do like the the fire a bit better, I'm not sure﻿ which one to get. Anyone have any suggestions?
Get the Playbook on sale..............it will do﻿ much more than any Kindle.
got this today reduced from 399 to 169 originally had archos arnova budget tablet for christmas but that broke within an hour so went to take back and saw this one and am ecstatic although i do think the original 399﻿ price was too much for what it was as the apps are a little limited
Delta, we﻿ have a troll. I have a playbook and let me tell you, A) The Multi Tasking is cleaner and alot more easier to understand, B) The first iPad had so much faults, but people have complained to apple and now apple have fixed that, this is BB's first tablet, so they need something to work on. C) iPad is over $800 now, and the Playbook is $200, no they arent going out of business, so stfu apple fanboy.
it seems like very﻿ cool and usefull device.
I have one of the Kogan 7" tablets and it's brilliant! When it comes to bang for buck it just can't be beaten. Of there are a few 'issues' such e.g. no Bluetooth and a pretty shabby battery life of around 3 hours at full tilt. Even so, for the price... nothing matches it. At the very *least* you'll be trying out a 7" format to be able to decide if the﻿ screen is large enough for you to use (which I'd say it is) without shelling out hundreds of dollars for something that in the end you don't use!
Oh lord... that "$00" should have been "$200"... so the voucher was half price!! :) By the way - I bought a Telstra Elite mobile broadband modem and added an 'inverter' I bought at Aldi for $25 so I can access the internet anywhere there's a mobile signal (and so can a total of 5 devices) and I can also charge the Tablet in﻿ the car... magic!! Well worth the money I reckon. :)
Android is﻿ OK.
So much﻿ better than the iPhone.
lmaoo john﻿ is trollin' on the first five comments xD 1.4GHz DUAL core ? WTF !? Awesomeness.
The﻿ best Android smartphone until next month when a even better phone comes out! HAHA!!!
just love this﻿ beast...hate rogers,bell and every other who is taking so long to bring this to Canada
Wow it's Tab mini! Love﻿ the﻿ hardware, tolerate the Android.
beautiful﻿ widgets
I love my Note. Especially with the newest pre-Alpha build of﻿ Ice Cream Sandwich on it! :D
I like this, I can't see a reason to buy a tablet because its﻿ a smart phone with a huge screen, and I want a tablet like device.
I've had the G Note for about a month now. Its hands down the best phone and small tablet I've ever used. Screen, battery life, phone functionality and great HSPA speeds make﻿ it a lot offun to use. Wish is was penta band or dual ATT and Verizon. Great review Jon. Are you going to use this personally?
Just﻿ ordered it in amazon for 600$ bucks lol love this phone
thats﻿ the cutest ever
i have galaxy s2 and i looooooove touchwiz. and i﻿ love samsungs phones. if i had att i would for sure get this
how..? too small for﻿ an ipad and too big for the iphone. this is 1 device apple can't get their hands on
that's my type of phone, the screen is﻿ BIG
yep. I like bigger screens. Will buy this after I get﻿ my salary :)))
I'm totally waiting for this one......LOOKS AWESOME﻿ :)
friend at school, bragging how cool his new iphone is....... take out the Galaxy Note..... what now bitch??? NEED ONE OF﻿ THESE LIKE NOW!
Looks like a very promising new phone for sure, but when I google search the phone the only carrier that comes up with is AT&T wtf? Why and how does AT&T get all of the new awesome cell phones,﻿ but has the worse reception ever and just horrible customer service known to man keep getting these phones.
I got big hands so this phone will be perfect﻿ for me.Thanks Samsung :)
Really good specs ang built quality compared to other phones out now, this is the best. But for me, the form﻿ factor isn't right. I need to type with one hand. Can't do it with this though so I got the sgs2. Just right.
@drark82 even I had an sgs2.. was happy wid it.. but wen I got this, I was in another world... did worry about d size at first. But believe me after a week of getting used to its benefits, I sold my sgs2 and htc sensation. Note is d best.. dont just ridicule on its size without using it.. I found it better than even﻿ my galaxy s2
take that statement and shove it up your ass fucking dumbass apple fanboy. this phone can be overclocked to 2ghz and can﻿ act as a host to almost any usb device, dont forget flash support. and for a 5.3" monster phone like this, the battery life is significantly better, if not double that of the iphone4s with vaguely similar specifications.
who cares about cool this phone is better than all iphones and that is what matters﻿ to me
did he﻿ say 16 giga ram... thats like 8 times my computer XD
i just love how easy to﻿ navigate the wifi, bluetooth, and so on with android...apple SUCKS
i sold my iphone 4 last christmas to get this, iphone is a great device, but i think its for simpletons, very easy to use. something like galaxy note does so﻿ much more, screen is simply gorgeous, if you like watching hd movies on a mobile device, you are in for a treat, and as jon said, battery backup is pretty good for the size, believe me when i say that I am getting more usage on a single full charge on this than I ever got on my iphone, its not double but it is at least 20- 30 percent better
nopes, already﻿ using it, no problem at all
Awesome! Imma get one﻿ now :D
My friend has this﻿ phone. Pretty cool
Its like a mini galaxy tab but better﻿
I agree completely. Love this phone... I no longer have a need for a tablet.. even﻿ a laptop. Just a note and a 27inch IMac and I'm covered. The note is just brilliant.. and fits in pockets no probs. This is from a 5 foot small handed leprechaun. ;)
HD Super AMOLED display? If you mean﻿ high definition super active matrix organic led emitting diode display, then we're cool.
I love your review @jon4lakers The white version of Galaxy Note is much more sexier than the black version. You can buy this phone and it will match well to your Mac setup :) I'm really looking forward for something like this. Though I use Mac computer I prefer Android, especially for Maps and free Navigation that I use quiet often. I don't have any tablet but I use a lot of internet on my current Android device. Note seems perfect choice to me cause I'd have phone and tablet in one﻿ device :)
@DieRunning1 Me 2, love that phablet, now i dont need any of these giant tablets , Yea i know battery life sucks but some company released 4500 Mah battery so﻿ thats cool
Sad to see iphone trolling here... even they know samsung owns iphone now.. wasn't like this 2years ago..lol..﻿ imagine a year from now...iphones goin down
I love samsung phones i just HATE android!!!! i﻿
gr8, hope you enjoy the phone as much as﻿ I do :)
Bro android is a Linux OS it frezzes apps thus clearing ram by itself just bc it says your low on ram doesnt mean your going to run out this is Linux bro not Windows it manages memory in a smart way killing apps to clear ram will﻿ slow down your device. Google it
apple is DOWWWWN﻿ !!
Like how soon cuz I think I am going to get it I like it a lot﻿
It must be fun to play angrybirds on this﻿
Already﻿ have it. PURE AWESOMNES!
it is which makes it nice,﻿ and is just fast, and the display is awesome.
I love my note on att...@john4lakers I use my s pen all the time for drawing and﻿ annotate pictures and when my big fingers can't get into tight lil links
Great phone but not﻿ for me
It's a great phone, full of﻿ features, but I can't afford it right now.
Beast!! Want﻿ it!!! Great review!!
This phone looks so good.. So why do I still want﻿ an iPhone?
Wow. Talk about screen real estate. The screen may be enough for me to buy it﻿ without knowing any other specs. haha.
I want this phone. Hopefully AT&T will pick this up.﻿ I am tired of my iphone 4 screen being so small.
@iphone3gs78 I have an iPhone 4 and I love it, but if it wasn't because I have a lot bills to pay, then I would buy this phone in a hear beat, but in black. I used the Galaxy S2 before and﻿ it's the best Android phone I've ever used, but this one is even better and haven't had a chance to play with, since they don't have it here.
I﻿ so want this phone. Know wonder Samsung is doing so well selling smartphones!
I don't care if it's the﻿ Galaxy S II, Galaxy S III, Galaxy Note or what, BRING IT TO VERIZON AND YOU WILL BE MIIINNNE
IM IN LOVE WITH THE UK VERSION BUT...........THE AT&T VERSION BUTON LAYOUT UGH﻿ I DONT NEED A SEARCH BUTTON WHY & I WANT THAT STYLISH HOME BUTTON UGH
Cool﻿ phone would definitely want to see it
I bought galaxy note and I complete stop using my iPhone 4s... After using the NOTE for a month already, I think that iOS 5﻿ is kind of boring... I do not miss using ios anymore.... This phone is beautiful, efficient and super fast I love it...
I wanted to buy this.... as my first phone..... Then my dad takes﻿ me to the shop and buys me this really cheap phone thats not very powerful :( Its OK but not awesome like i like my tech :P Its called the Samsung Galaxy Y unboxing on my channel :P Hope i still get a note :D
Hi John, thanks for this review. The Note is allmost my dream phone, but I'm not so shore about its size. I'm currently using Galaxy S2, but I'm thinking a lot﻿ of trading it for the Note. Can you advise me what to do? Is the Note to big to handle, to carry, manage with one hand, to heavy? Thanks in advance :)
I would swop this phone for my iPhone 4s, but I think it would be﻿ impractical for me to carry round in my pocket.
this is the﻿ hottest thing right now in the cellphone world, hands down
Omg﻿ 5.7 inches screen!!!!!!!!!!!! Absolutely outstanding! Best.
I﻿ recently went from the Photon back to iPhone. And I have to say iPhone works and works well. But this looks interesting as well. Not because I don't like my 4s, but because I love consuming media on my iPhone. This screen size would be awesome to have.
I﻿ want this, only to dwarf my sisters 4s muhahahaha
In real life the white looks more white than on the﻿ Galaxy S2, believe me, i have the SGS2 and my dad as the Note, and that screen beats the Retina!
so epic﻿ & awesome:]
Get back to me﻿ love techwizard0
samsung has﻿ sold millions of these in europe. So much for apple thinking that people dont want a large phone..lol
Beats the﻿ iPhone 4S
Good review. I do wish some people would stop complaining about its size; that's﻿ what's great about it; it's a new﻿ category - a 'Tabphone', and mine arrives tomorrow. Well done Samsung! I hope Apple see this as an opportunity to get creative again.
stop bieng a troll no one would blend such ﻿ a nice phone!
All﻿ phones should be this big
Hi John, thanks for a brilliant review. I have my note and i love it! Can you please tell﻿ me what widget you are using on the home screen to monitor active applications?
Damn,﻿ what a gargantuan HUGE beast !!!! I want one.
@jon4lakers﻿ firstly i just love your reviews Jon! i got my Note as soon as it came out on the 6th of december, and i just love everything about it ..and always prefer doin every task on the note instead of my iphone 4s and for the battery life, u can get an extra two batteries plus battery charger for the note on ebay or amazon for $20 and then u can just switch the battery instead of havin to charge it like the iphone ...and please make sure u download " Go Launcher ex " n " memory booster "
i was gonna get the transformer prime along with using﻿ my iphone, but now this phone is changing my mind.
I still don't get why people have to talk about other's phones! I look at this one, but i gone for the iPhone 4S, for one reason: like Jon said, it's never a good time to buy an Android! Next week or next month will be a new Android and this will be past! At least i'm happy for a year or so! But if you buy this one, i think it's a good phone! But﻿ don't talk about other people's choices!
Should I get an iPhone 4s or this phone?..... JK this phone is way better that the iPhone!!! This phone has 4g, a big screen, thinner than iPhone,﻿ and iPhone is over rated
Fastest phone in﻿ the world.
you tricked me lol i was like wow this guy is really thinking about it, my﻿ contracted ended and im tryna get this phone but damn 300 bucks
go for﻿ the note
Size is essentially the same issue as you mentioned with the Dell Streak when you reviewed it. But if you﻿ want a good view of stuff the big screen is perfect. Typical trade offs.
@ogjbot Retnia is not a screen technology ...its a nickname. The IPhone retnia display is a slcd display with a high resolution.﻿ And Samsung phones now have a higher resolution than Iphail. Sooo yeah Iphail will always be playing catch up.
uuum, "retina" is just one of iphone's catchy names to make a normal thing seem special. it's﻿ just a high-res display. since this phone's is a higher resolution, you're right, it doesn't have retina, it has something better.
the first android phone that makes me wanna switch﻿ from my iphone, but I know I won't be able to use an iphone after that HUGE screen
OMG, iPhone looks so stupid﻿ sitting next to Note!
Been an iphone fanboy since the﻿ 2G, a phone that will make me switch has arrived. By the way amazon sells the unlock version.
cant wait for my﻿ upgrade to come :D omg i want it so bad.
The bottom line is...android has amazing devices. But the issue of fragmentation bothers me...meaning one phone might have 4.0 meanwhile yours might have 2.3...went from apple...to an Evo an loved it!!!!! But apple is way more stable and uniform.....sorry boys.﻿
good bye﻿ i phone!
@TheMoose2010 Me too. It just looked so cheap and tacky when he put it against the Note.﻿
My﻿ dream phone (^○^)
i have the skyrocket now i want the note but idk﻿ i just think is a big really big phone and i always use skinny jeans :/ but it is my dream phonee :)
i own this﻿ phone and its very compatible with skinny jeans and regular jeans go ahead and buy
Dear Santa all I want In march is the Samsung galaxy note I love it so much cause it makes my moms iPhone 4s look﻿ stupid lol
just screen and flash player other then that iphone 4s is﻿ better
@oris8085﻿ let me list the things the iPhone 4s has that are better than the note 1. Casing design2.nothing 3.nothing
when he compare his galaxy note and iphone 4, galaxy note was like i am the﻿ boss, iphone4 ! LOL
Get this I just got this over a week ago, and damn is it really good. Large screen and makes web surfing, watching videos, emailing, texting and﻿ the S pen comes in handy most times. Its a great phone. No regrets with this phone and haven't found a fault with this.!
I'm getting﻿ this in a few days :) EPIC!!!!!
Hey u should﻿ send me one lol my birthday is april 3rd and i rly want 1 :) :) :)
i got 1 its great fairly big﻿ but great
@iFluxtion﻿ Iphail
I have the black﻿ one EPIC! :D
iPhone(assassinated) Blackberry (murdered) HTC (hospitalized in critical﻿ condition) Xperia (raped and then murdered)﻿
This phone works as smooth as butter and as fast as lightning﻿ on cm9....
this puts iphone﻿ to shame...
lol idiot...super amoled hd beats the retina display even though its good and again samsung makes the retina display for apple﻿ phones XD
best smartphone﻿ in the fucking world
I have this phone just friggn love﻿ it!
this phone looks soo SEXY! Should i get this﻿ or the BB 9360? i want the BB because of the BBM andi can contact my freinds easier and better, but i want the samsung galaxy note because of how sexy it looks and because oh my word it looks AMAZING I am at school and i would use my phone at school (im 14) so do you think this would be a good idea because it might getter stolen because it is more visible or it might get confescated by teacher if they see it. please reply SGNote = $21 BB 9360 =$13.50
Get the Note, i﻿ think its better than the S2.
I'm getting this in 2 days the specs﻿ are great
I loved the phone but it was huge for daily pocket use. I traded it for a skyrocket... basically the same phone without the s pen﻿
This could be the only phone that could make me change from blackberry﻿
There's more Apple fanboys!? face it,Samsung is better then that overpriced Apple shit.Even the S3 is cheaper then the﻿ very tiny iPhone 4
Ive had an iphone 4 but got bored real quick﻿ of it and went back to android. Go buy a good android phone and you wont go back to ios
i have the GNote and ill never go back to﻿ anything else
I was going to get an iphone﻿ 4s but I found it really boring when I had a go on it in a phone shop,its good I got a samsung galaxy note.
So if you're a "normal" dude, get it, np to fit the phone in your pocket :))﻿
Im really excited about getting﻿ this phone. :D
OMG﻿ this shit looks...delicious!!!
im tired of iphone my next one will be galaxy note no matter is big love it you dont need﻿ a lap cuz you have both things in one....love it
WHY IS IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO EXPENSIVE?﻿ (£550) I REALLY WANT IT!!!!!!!!!!!
Getting this phone in 2 days,﻿ So excited(: Does it work good?
amoled displays are more of a technology achievement than retina display, retina﻿ display needs led's underneath to make it bright, but with super amoled every pixal lights up by them selves
galaxy note is far better bt how can u compare a phone like the iphone﻿ to the tablet!
the phone is even more amazing with﻿ ics 4.04
I played with this today at the AT&T store, and I want it, im nit able to upgrade until may 2013, so hopefully theyll announce the note2, with the back to back thing like in the﻿ s3, which was the only difference in me getting either
I was supprised﻿ when it fit in my pocket.
when phoning its comfortable because the speaker and microphone reach your ear and mouth like a tellephone,and﻿ if you have big pockets it fits right inside but somtimes it feels a tiny bit big but its worth it because its like carrying a computer in the form of a phone.
Hoping to pick this up tomorrow! Looks﻿ like an awesome device, my last Smartphone was a HTC Desire Z
The Only Thing I Fear About Getting This Phone﻿ Is Getting Swarmed By My Friends At School Wanting To Touch It
DUDE THANK YOU SO MUCH You are the only review﻿ that showed me how it fits into a pocket, so now I know that I can take it to school and keep it without it getting taken.
Note﻿ all the way :)
Android OS on Apple﻿ quality device!
very nice﻿ acer :)
I bring my XOOM everywhere﻿ i go i find it so useful for all the things i do especially gaming. im planning on getting the prime tegra is really a solid piece of hardware
This would be the ideal work tablet because it lacks a rear facing camera which I don't need. That being said, it﻿ should definitely be at least 75-100 dollars cheaper than a comparible tablet with a camera. Are you listening Acer. Don't fuck up the pricing or you will fail.
Never had seen a kickstand in a tablet, but it works so nice﻿ especially when one would watch movies
So many nasty looking budget tablets out there but this is where the real stuff starts. Seriously considering one. The 3G stick option is good too.﻿
i was going to the store to pick up the a200, but it was VERY laggy with ICS on it. almost crippling lag. so i went with the G9 Turbo instead.﻿ The processor is faster and it is cheaper. i would go to a store and try both of them out.
holy shit 250 ssd and﻿ its only 350
Thumb up if you﻿ want one
the screen on the a200 is better, the battery life is about the same, the Archos has a faster processor, the Acer is less "buggy". you can find the Archos for $275 on sale at times, the Acer is $329 i think. You cant go wrong with either. I went with the Archos and I dont regret﻿ it.
I think﻿ Archos devices feel better to hold than most tablets. I also like the kick stand.
nice tablet﻿ but it sounds abit cheap like with the materials used to build it
How﻿ much this is awsome!!???
@flangmasterj Its not something i needed to get off my chest as they say, just my observations. I was hoping﻿ for more from the Ipad 3 as i do like apple products. I will however now wait and look towards Samsung or some of the newer pads coming out and possibly make the switch. Thanks for your concern though its appreciated.
i Bet﻿ you seldom read ibooks, emails, webpages or watch videos and movies on your iPad 2. the fact is the NEW iPad screen is STUNNING and perfect for the eyes.
You will eat your words when you see the new iPad. Its just﻿ 1-2 weeks away. i STRONGLY suggest you go see the real thing in the Apple store. You will be so tempted to upgrade :)
LOVING your﻿ british accent. So damn sexy! Oh, and the new iPad ain't so bad either!
and what's the point of having bluetooth 4.0 if you can't even send files to other devices openly and without use of a 3rd-party app. the "new" ipad is even slightly heavier & bulkier. only good points: Retina display and "improved" camera. negligible if you don't﻿ use your iPad every minute of the day.
Give samsung some credit for﻿ making the screen the ipad 3 has.
hahaha are u seriously complaining about the iPad being 1mm﻿ thicker?!?! u won't even notice that!!! and honestly you are leaving out all the good new features
Its an upgrade yes....its better yes....its like the 4 to the 4s, the 4s is﻿ better but not better by much. Not good enough
OOOOOOO, i likeeee. ill get﻿ it at 12 to night
want one just for the resolution its﻿ mental :D
wow graphics﻿ look nice
ur so dumb.... apple is amazing﻿ so stop hating.
How the FUCK is the jump from 16GB to 32GB $100? This is a $8 dollar upgrade via a microSD card. Apple really fucks their customers... really living up to that scumbag﻿ Steve Jobs, who was an arrogant, selfish prick. I own an iPad, and I like it, but JESUS FUCKING CHRIST Android is killing them right now.
iPhoto is actually﻿ really good!
40﻿ Dislike? Nice﻿ try Bill Gates
@stream0fspin﻿ What are you trying to prove? Fact is, no screen on earth is sharper than the Retina display. And it doesn't matter who made it; Apple engineered it, and no one has caught up to it.
Nice bit of equipment...BUT why would you get rid of ipad 2 just for this? The ipad 2 within﻿ itself is still a fantastic bit of kit.
Looks nice but I don't get﻿ why they call it "the new ipad" instead of the ipad 3
Its worth it if u have Slingbox HD. It is 4g speed so u can stream stuff easier. Better picture quality. And its 4g speeds so u can stream stuff from online websites. For IPAD 2﻿ it keeps freezing.
its 4g﻿ speeds. That is worth the upgrade by itself.
@drsgias0013 Look you useless waste of oxygen.. Have at﻿ least a little respect for a company that invented these concepts.. Alexander Bell invented the telephone, we don't consider that he ruled the industry forever but we do give him kudos for it. It's Apple not whichever bandwagon jumper you support that will be remembered.. Any piece of crap manufacturer can copy another's idea/OS and expand it. Innovation is different to replication moron.
@GaminqqCentralHD Steve Jobs always hated Flash, and that will carry on in Tim Cook's reign as CEO. Jobs hated it because Flash kills battery life. Also, there is a﻿ new syntax coming out called HTML5, which basically means that web developers can do Flash-like functions without having to use Flash. Flash is still king, but within a couple years, HTML5 will start to become prominent. I love my iPad, and the fact that it doesn't have flash hardly effects my experience with it.
@DailyColors Apple makes their own chips, therefore their dual core chips works differently than the kind of chip that other products use. For example, their new A5X chip﻿ found in the new iPad still has a Dual Core processor, which was probably improved from the chip used in previous iPads, BUT it offers QUAD CORE graphics. Which means the graphical potential is on par with other tablets, if not slightly better because the retina display makes everything crisper.
The idiots who keep saying its not worth it to upgrade don't have sling box hd. The 4g speeds make the upgrade worth it alone. Before i would go to espn.com and the videos woudl freeze.﻿ Plus the HD is stunning.And the thing about IPADs is u can never have enough. I am keeping my ipad 2 and using it as a bigger IPOD to watch videos on from my computer.
@FloppyBaby Actually no, Android is not killing them. People LOVE the iPad. And I do agree that the $100 dollar jump just for doubling the storage is a little steep. They should only makes it 25 or 50 bucks more. Android is a good competitor, but they aren't "killing" the iPad. The iPad is being used more in schools now as a learning tool, because both students and teachers love them. iPads are everywhere... I have a first gen iPad, and﻿ I plan to upgrade to the new iPad.
@mandrakonian Dual Core Processor, but with Quad-core graphics. Also, Apple makes their own custom chips. Their dual core﻿ chip is still very fast. It isn't the same as the over dual core chips found in, say, Android-powered devices. So yeah, the iPad is still fast.
amazing resolution...﻿
amazing resolution...﻿
So, 3 improvements to sell an old product full price. Still a damn good﻿ business strategy.
It;s by far the fastest thing on the market right now. It's not an old product. Nothing ever managed to beat the iPad 2 in benchmarks, even the Transformer Prime, and the new one is twice as fast﻿ in those benchmarks. Apple are the ones leading the pack here. Everyone else is just selling slower crappier built products for the same price.
Im not sure﻿ they are on good terms with the makers of Flash because if they were they would have added it a long time ago, that one of the only down sides to apple then fact that they dont have Flash
I can't believe people stood in line for days peeing in adult diapers to get their hands on this thing...I went to futureshop looked at the new iPad and iPad 2 side﻿ by side, and could not spot no differences what so ever...some of the picture were slightly sharper and warmer, but this is not a landslide breakthrough here.
I don't know whether it is the fastest or uses the best hardware. For me the iPad just works. The most user friendly and futuristic all-purpose computing device. It is made by superior/high IQ designers﻿ and engineers.
Transformer prime is $500. Galaxy Tab 8.9 which is Samsungs newest I think but it's kind of hard﻿ to know since they have like 50 different tablets, it's also $500. Those are both way slower than the iPad 3. So no, others are not building slightly slower tablets for half the price.
You do realize the new iPad has﻿ a much better camera, right?
okay so im hearing alot a out the camara and great graphics blah blah but whats happening with the battery, heat and wi-fi problems..?﻿
ipad 2﻿ sucks compared to the New iPad..
The camera quality is awesome. The retina display is unparalleled. The﻿ App store has an abundance of incredible apps. Accept no copycats. The iPad is KING.
I﻿ love my iPad ❤❤
Your dumb or you couldn't afford the new iPad since the new iPad has siri!! and a﻿ much better camera the battery life remains the same 10 hour
I partly agree with both of you, gaming on the iPad﻿ (while at home) is useless for anyone with a decent PC, but while on the run it's pretty decent :) The iPad is good at what it's supposed to do, which is be a portable tablet, for reading emails, watching movies, etc. etc.
The Apple iPad is still too expensive, but recently I added the Apple Magic Tract Pad, which works almost the same way. My Apple Mac Book is a little bit older, as I had just updated the O/S to Lion and it﻿ does so much more. For spending the money on an iPad, it must allow me to do the same as on my Mac Book. But I am not spending that much money on an expensive toy. I love the iPad, but it is still too high in pricce
apple's products﻿ are the best!
The best Ipad﻿ EVER !
Awesome review! I'm a graphic artist stationed in San Fran, and i truly appreciate the versatile tablet Apple﻿ has created. iOS 5 coupled with AT&T's 4G LTE makes for the ultimate productivity tool!
I've got the new﻿ iPad 32gb wifi in white and I love it!
ipad﻿ good
Lol I got the iPad 3﻿ 64 gb wifi and 3G I'm really happy
of course, iPad 3 it's the best﻿ tablet
i've ipad 3 16 gb 3g+wifi in white and i﻿ love it
epic device :D apple sucks...﻿
sorry, but being an hybrid between a tab﻿ and a netbook is simply a joke. at that price...you buy an ipad PLUS a netbook. android can't work as a serious OS as mac os or win. simply there's game over, a netbook will be a netbook, and a tab a tab..for now. as a tab..yes, it's slightly better than other androids....and against ipad it's got flash plugin, usb and SD...but it's worth use apps that are not specifically programmed on the item you use? and a poor shop
yay! the keyboard is tinner and does still have﻿ USB!
Wow. The prime is so beautiful.﻿ I want it!
@AngryJadedMonkey Wow, you sure must have done some intense stuff with your tablet to get those problems! Yeah I would say that the TF201 would definitely solve﻿ these problems. It's rated even better than the iPad 2.
Am I the only one that﻿ liked the coloured and the coloured accent around the screen? made it look different from all the others with just a glass on the from :)
so many things wrong with what you said,﻿ but looks like an amazing tablet
asus﻿ better than samsung
Just a heads up to people still on the fence with buying a Prime, with the ics update WiFi "issue" is fixed.﻿ It was made to run ICS not honeycomb. Manage wireless networks for a living and ran every test out there for wifi and with update got 20+mbps down and 2 up. Same as laptop next to prime. even beat a acer tablet downloading a large app from the market. for gps havent ran any tests yet but can say it worked fine the few times i used it.
my Bluetooth wifi and GPS work great i dk what other people﻿ are complaining about. wicks just a little week
I feel bad watching this﻿ on my iPad 2 :(
Here's a comparison between the iPad﻿ 3rd﻿ gen and the Asus Transformer Prime: droidstate.weebly.com
Not really. For me its best. u dont need to run system when u already know it is﻿ superb speed on this;)
Was very happy with my asus transformer prime tf201 for the﻿ past two weeks....till today...it died!!! :(((
another ipad killer, i hope so.﻿
LOL like this one ﻿
LOL like this one , 4 ipads lovers hate this one﻿
Best smartphone of 2011 in﻿ my opinion
I love apple...but this phone is the best of﻿ 2011..big competition for apple!
Sprint needs to get this! I'd even break my 2 year contract just﻿ to get it
@medirobe - I agree with you. Sprint would do WELL to﻿ make this device available on the Sprint Now Network. I would invest in a device like this.
i would sooo get this, if it didnt have the phone part.....﻿ darnit samsung!
this is my dream phone i﻿ love it
galaxy﻿ note=god of smartphones
this is easier than apple. i seriously regretted buying iphone4. now i want this. its so hard to download music in apple, took me super long to find﻿ out how to get music in my iphone, so laggy to use 3g, nothing better to do than use fb or twitter or play games or go youtube. and galaxy note has a bigger screen which is cool and can call﻿ unlike ipad which is very big. and fast internet. btw. i don use fb, so iphone is boring to me..
HEY﻿ IPHONE USERS! THIS IS A WAY BETTER SHOW OFF.
my dad works for samsung i got this 4 free its awesome﻿
DREAM PHONE!!♥_♥﻿
My dream﻿ phone..
great phone iphone 4s is sucks﻿
If sprint gets this I'm switching﻿ in an instant from my original EVO 4g to this! :D
To big to be a﻿ phone. To small to be a taplet. Good for picture use.
GO SAMSUNG GO!﻿
Wow best﻿ tablet out. Nice review
...I﻿ WANT THIS.
nice tablet .. was looking forward to getting one .. but i am spoiled .. 10" inch screen once you watch movies and view web pages on 10" screen, it's hard to go to 7" screen .. side note, there is only one USB Port , yes it does everything (transfer files, hdmi, ect ) .. i perfer separate ports rather than an﻿ ALL IN ONE PORT .. if something happens to the port on this tablet, that would suck .. overall, if i didn't already have a tablet , i would probably get this one . I LIKE MY XOOM !
best﻿ performing processor of the year, better than dual processor !! ...is tht ur personal opinion ??
its cool but i didnt really see anything that made me want to buy it, the touch interface and everything that he done is on the newer android phones, and they are phones aswell. plus﻿ its not big enough. i'll stick to my ipad2.
Looks﻿ great for note-taking
Really HTC Flyer P510e gives a trendy look and it is very smooth and handy  All new HTC Sense 3.0 with Android 2.3  Built-In Memory of 32GB added with Micro SD extension  5.0 MP Main Camera and﻿ 1.3 MP front Camera I think this Smartphone is superb and with all these advance features its price is also reasonable (Rs. 22,790),It is a good Smartphone and become very popular now. shopbychoice(dot)com
i like the smaller screen its easier to grip﻿ when gaming and i want it so much
i had one for a year, and it died﻿ on me after the ICS update... good little tablet for short term use but dont expect it to hold up!!
I love HTC but this is going to be such﻿ a flop. It doesnt even seem to work that good. Oversized phone.
I had a prime and took it back yes it had the tegra 3 but there was too much light bleed and wifi never really work so I pick up a200 and it is hands down the best tablet I own it feels good﻿ looks good in the new form factor and I have no lag and I love the acer ring
wow thats a damn nice price for a full size. i mean i'm kind of waiting for the rumored full sized amazon tablet, which i figure will be 299, but this is nice,﻿ why wait?
I still can't find a use for﻿ a tablet! But if I got an android one with enough power I could surely use it for emulating old computers!
Nice tablet & decent price. I want an Android tablet even though I don't need one. Watching Youtube on it would be sooo﻿ good !
the a200 has the﻿ best ports with its usb in and out but a transformer prime has more graphics power with the tegra 3, but if you are only looking at the original transformer than it has just as much power as the a200 but without the ports, im not sure if the transformer is in icecreamsandwhich yet but i think the a200 is. your call :)
not trying to hate but i dont see why anyone would want to use a rear facing camera on a tablet,﻿ I wouldent want to be that guy at a consert holding up there ipad 3 to get a video, and the only thing I could see the video out being useful for is for teaching(notes n stuff through a projector) or hooking it up and watching some movies, but even then you can find other ways of using it similarly. just my thoughts.
Most likely﻿ getting this.
nexus 7 is pretty small﻿ when you actually see it i would recommend the A200
this nexus 7 i was going get but got this one instead. the nexus 7 dont have camera app﻿ you got to download it and it doing have land scape mode like this one. I had nexus 7 on lay way and just took it off. Game stop has it on sale for 200
no you would have to download a app for it to do landscape i had watched a review of the nexus 7﻿ before by the iconia tab a200. From the time i tried nexus at the store and been playing with my tab. i realize i made the right choice.
Um I meant the newest﻿ version (4.1.2). That gave the nexus 7 landscape support...but anyways thanks for your help. I've decided to pass on the a200, since acer confirmed it won't be getting jelly bean.
hey imzezima20 I owned the nexus 7 for two months ya I love the nexus but three things the I didn't like screen size /wifi was slow /and NO MICRO SD SLOT .. so I got rid of it and got this and I love it the wifi is way faster then the nexus and I got great wifi and its super fast the screen is super clear the battery life is the same as the nexus or better I get 10 to 12 hours watching movies streaming the web and playing games on﻿ a four hour charge . it handles ics 4.0 like it was made for this
oh ya and it has a full USB host port and a micro USB port﻿ so let's say I'm out and my phone dies and I'm no where a plug and I need it charged I can plug it in to my USB host and charge it with out draining my battery or being battery saving mode so if I was in you position I'd do it ... oh wait I was I love my Acer iconia tab a200
After watching reviews like this of the Kindle Fire, I don't feel as excited for it anymore. Sure, they can optimize the software, but the reality is that the specs are﻿ really low which creates problems such as lag. It is an overall good device for its price point, but I think that this is a good case where specs actually do matter.
i love this new kindle fire BUT i prefer, for reading, the kindle keyboard because is more lighter and the e-ink﻿ experience.
That seems pretty awesome for the price. I would definitely love to get my hands on one.﻿
What's your purpose of using? If reading is only thing you will use then I don't think anybody will suggest you to buy fire. Because kindle fire is like Lamarr said that it's multimedia consumption; it contains apps, browser and kindle(reading part) in it. So you can play angry bird and browse web, also check and email as well. But it's not e-ink display﻿ so will hurt your eyes like reading on PC and other tablets. Stay with your kindle is my suggestion.
Playing﻿ video looks really smooth. Thanks Lamarr!!
One question, when will the fire go out USA?﻿ I know that the limitation for is that all those functions need to have server supporting: cloud, netflix and such. However, we all out there, outside US, are dying for this tablet, at least me, because of its cheapness and simplicity. When will it be?
Thanks for the great review. I really enjoy the Fire. I am not a specs geek, but love to watch and consume media. I really enjoy your videos﻿ and it was nice to get another opinion, not comparing it to the Ipad
Love the review, you are absolutely right about the comparison to the iPad. I've heard others complain about the power button and haven't had that problem yet and the battery seems fine, I put in a lot of hours reading, web, video, etc and the battery seems decent to me. As far as your magazine viewing, I just discovered that if you﻿ tap the middle of the page and the menu comes up in the right top corner you can select text view and it will appear much better for reading.
I think this is great for students who want digital textbooks (me), so﻿ yes, I will be hopefully getting one sometime soon! Great review!
There's a text mode for magazines. It looks﻿ so much better. Check it out.
I've used my Kindle Fire everyday & I agree 100% w/ your review. I mainly got the﻿ Fire because I'm an Amazon lover & Prime member. I find myself using the video streaming a LOT more with this device. It's awesome! I love how you can also get e-books from the public library for FREE. Only thing I didn't like at all was that they don't have the feature where Kindle can read your books aloud for you. I'm hoping they'll fix it w/ an update. But overall I'm loving my lil Kindle Fire. Thanks Lamarr!
I'm a geek but I still wanna have one of those XDXD They should call it Amazing kindle fire tablet... Anyways Lamar you﻿ can just gimme your facebook name and I'll add you
Excellent review, I'm looking forward to get my hands on one, unfortunately they don't ship it to my country... yet ﻿
I'm happy that you think it plays videos and yt﻿ well, that's mostly what I'll use it for if I get it.It's not as great as I had hoped but it is cheaper than most iPod touches . Maybe I'll get it for my pops and I'll get to play with it too.
Why, thinking of getting﻿ that $200 Best Buy deal? :) I sure did and totally worth it. If you don't need an e-reader and don't really need a huge amount of apps., the Playbook is much superior in speed and specifications.
Not﻿ bad for a $200 device....I don't think I am going to get one because I have an iPad 2 and a way better 7inch android tablet.
great review lamarr. ill be picking one up although﻿ im a geek i guess im gonna use it because its cheap and all i need it for is youtube and internet browsing on my bed or couch.
8.52 wow﻿ I wish apple's app store was like that too.
512 ram is just fine just not with their front end. Which can be fixed with more optimization they had to make cuts at that﻿ price point which is a shame.
that is completely false, 512 is easily enough if the OS is well optimized and had no crapware, is it﻿ enough for higher end things suchs as games and multitasking, no. Same thing goes for storage, is it optimal of what people want? No. Is it respectable at the price? Yes, people would be happier with an expandable storage in which this iteration of the device did not include. The ram has nothing to do with lag, the original iPad had 256 MB of DDR RAM. Input lag? Nope
My mom wanted this for christmas. I hope she likes it. She wanted something mostly for books with a few apps and lite browsing on the﻿ side. I think it will work for her.
not at all, I'm disappointed with﻿ the stock rom, but I'm sure xda will do amazing things with this!
Great review, I just ordered one yesterday, and I think I made the right choice for me. Your reviews are funny, informative, and fun to watch keep﻿ em coming! :)
Geek, Smart,﻿ Funny, Black. Subbed.
Great review. I was completely confused, not knowing what tablet to﻿ buy. I am a bit of a geek, a developper... but I wanted something I don't want to think about, simple that just works. That I can read a book on the train to work and watch a movie or listten to music... without having to do all the setup and configuration that some high spec tablets demand. Great videa, thanks!
i just bought my kindle fire i love it already. i aldo have a acer windows tablet it is vrry heavy the kindle is so light wait in comparison﻿
Ill buy it perfect for me and budget. I don't like﻿ that it doesn't have the volume button
Good vid :) My grandma actually received a Fire and I was looking for videos﻿ so i can help her set it up. I think this will be a great device for her.
The Kindle﻿ Fire was perfect for my wife. She doesn't need all the extra whistles, bells like an iPad. Our local county library makes a large percentage of their books available for a Kindle anyway. My problem now is she is always watching Netflix, YouTube and reading with it.
While I don't agree with your feelings about the﻿ Fire I can appreciate it.
porn is going to great on﻿ this
Overall the Kindle Fire is a great starter product for amazon.I like the fact that they are coming out with something that allows for you to use their vast amount of media that they already sell in a small and affordable device.Unfortunately for me I don't see myself getting this version of the fire as I﻿ do not like the power button placement and volume as well as some performance issues.I believe in the future one aside from hardware fixes,new software is needed but otherwise great job amazon!
I consider myself rather tech savvy and at this tablet price point I can't see how anybody could think that it would be a power-user device. Clearly it is a quick media use item and﻿ not meant to be a replacement for your laptop. I like the fire a lot, and I think that a couple firmware upgrades will smooth out a lot of issues.
Nice review Im gonna get this instead of the Ipad 2 because its cheaper and I dont need something like the Ipad﻿ more like the Fire good job
getting this for christmas, FUCK﻿ YOU IPADD U SUCK
GREAT REVIEW, finally got someone to tell what's wrong with it, even though i am a kindle﻿ fire supporter!!!
First review I have seen of yours and I loved it! Your like a teddy bear haha! I completely agree with your﻿ review, especially with the volume. I have yet to get on the tablet market just because like you mentioned: I was waiting for the price to be more reasonable and for better features. I think Amazon has really done well with this tablet, and even though its not perfect yet, what it may lack is still not enough of a deterrent for me not to get one. Do you know if the memory is expandable?
I bought a Fire because I wanted the following: (a) an E-reader (b) a video player and (c) something that I could surf the web on better than my phone and do some basic email. It's simple... I've got an android phone so I know that the android﻿ apps basically suck. My phone can do a 4G hot spot, so I'm OK so long as I'm in the US. Foreign travel is another story.
Hmm, looks good but i'm still going for the iPad 2,﻿ Anyway, nice review ;)
I love the review, and I'll be getting a kindle fire soon. I think this tablet.. uh consumption will fit my needs, as I have been wanting a table, but not the high price of one, so this is a winner for me !! Thanks tech1 !!﻿
hahah this was like a 16min comedic webisode, you provided good info and made me laugh +1. Definately not a device for me, but my wife would love it,﻿ she doesn't care for the technical jargon.
dude even if that thing is as thick as an atlas﻿ i would propably still buy it ... i'd rather take that than a big ass laptop seriously....
Free is probably the ultimate price leader Limited HD movie storage cap. can be problem if the movies com only in the HD format Reviews at amazon mention micro SD, that should alleviate limited on board storage. The price is right, but I'm unsure if I'd like the small 7" screen,﻿ I find the 9" screen on my netbook small Then the the privacy paranoia aspect with Amazon knowing too much about my sheet. The volume control thing looks to be annoying, but something a person could get used to.
The Kindle Fire was﻿ completely worth it. It is awesome and fun the use and watching movies on it is really good!
i like my kindle fire it have the things i need﻿
I love mine and also wish they move the power﻿ button.. :)
seen some of your videos. good shit i am now a subscriber. i bought one for my wife and she loves it. like you said,﻿ it's not for geeks or technical muthafuckas. thumbs up.
Yes, that is a very valid point that in the tablet category this product would score a far lower score then say an ipad.... however this device is not set out to be a tablet they are attempting to create their own type of device that fulfills the purpose of delivering media to the end user not a mobile computer... although it is lacking and im going to wait for the inevitable second generation﻿ it is a good step in a new direction for electronic products
You do realize the Kindle Fire is based around reading books right? All the extra media stuff is just a plus you get with it. Stop complaining and enjoy what you have. Think about when you were a kid. You had﻿ NOTHING even kind of like that. You didn't even have a computer. Get over it and stop taking stuff for granent. And tire out your hand?! Wth! L.A.Z.Y!! It's small. Be a man.
i like it!.. imma have to get one﻿ my self.
you will have enough for a﻿ kindle fire and a bnch of acceseries!
pretty good. not that I tried it﻿ out or anything.
I could see how people who need a lot of space, this could be a bad tablet. But I really don't use a lot of space because I already have an iPhone if I need more space for my music or movies. Honestly, you can't compare an iPad to the Kindle Fire, I mean they're like $200 apart. For the cheapness of this tablet, I think it's a really good tablet. The only think I hate is the power button at the bottom,﻿ But that won't stop me from buying it. Nice Review!
i doike the reveiw i want to like the fire without the comparison and the prime membership sounds great i like FREE BOOKS the apps sound good and i am trying to figure out which ereader﻿ to buy and this review did it for me i will get the fire for my birthday thank you and keep on reviewing
He says way to much negative.... Yes, I want to hear the truth BUT not all ereaders are going to be perfect! Anyone can find something bad about any ereader. Something will always be missing. Oh and about the sound. Different apps will be 'different". Certain things I agree with. Like the magazine... But others, you are just going to have to compromise with. I do not like﻿ that they are with Amazon. Google is allot better.
no problem... that sound like a very good price. I would have loved to have gotten my hands on about 5 of﻿ them, for that price. Sorry I missed the liquidation sale. :(
Nice review, well done. You're exactly correct - this isn't a device for the techno geeks, it's for those who simply want to consume content and send the occasional email. That's where this device excels. Sure the storage is limited but﻿ think about where most people are going to use this thing - where ever they have wifi access, so keeping one's stuff in the cloud isn't that big a deal. By the way, really enjoyed your review as being functional in nature, rather than technical.
I got﻿ it to it is so awesome!
The first easy-to-use,﻿ affordable small-screen tablet, the Amazon Kindle Fire is revolutionary... I can't emphasize this "ease of use" thing enough.
loved this review...entertaining and informative! Nice that you focused on both the negative and the positive factors of the Kindle Fire. But﻿ darn that power button being on the bottom. Major amazon fail there, but for $200 I think I can live with that; hopefully they learn and have better placement for that in version 2.
Thumbs up if you're getting the Kindle﻿ Fire. :)
Best review I've seen, I can't find another review that they don't compare the kp with the iPad2, $200 vs $500 price tag of course iPad is better﻿ overall but with kp you get more for your money
Dang thas﻿ fast!
I live in the uk. Fire hasn't been released here so I﻿ got an iPad 2. Glad I did. I love it. The fire looks great also. Just ashame it's not being released in uk.
I actually watched this video on my kindle fire, haha. I completely agree with everything you said. The only thing I might add﻿ are problems I have with the rudimentary mobile versions of certain websites, like youtube for example. Overall though, I love the kindle fire.
this video really helps i was thinking either the nook tablet or﻿ the kindle fire and this review answered Kindle Fire.
It's so fast because of the cloud server based Silk﻿ web Browser.
This tablet once rooted﻿ WILL do anything you can throw at it. If you want a galaxy tab but don't mind only having 8 gigs. Spend $200 to get this and root it.
DANG THATS﻿ FAST
@zp055att Yes this will be perfect for you. And rooting is a form of I guess you can say "hacking" vary easy to do if you are a little bit﻿ familiar with computers. And also adds extra protection against viruses ( yeah androids do get viruses) but if all you want to do watch movies, read books, web browsing, and maybe play a game here and there and you'll be fine with it don't root it. $200 can't pass it up lol
Think﻿﻿ e-Book with benefits, not ipad with handicaps
Gee dude ,What's the prob﻿ with the magazines? just click on text view, kindle fire is the best tablet ever.
Cheaper than the iPad AND video is still awesome? I think I'm saving up for this. Plus﻿ my friend got one so I have tablet envy.
well i just bought a kindle fire, i﻿ wish they can put a camera for video chat but other than that it is okay
this kindle fire is the best on the market ﻿
Well, its a very good table. And very Affordable! Screw The iPad.﻿ That just wins because for recording stuff ;_;
Wow, looks great for Netflix and YouTube﻿ streaming.
I know, my mom gave﻿ me a choice of an iPad or Kindle, and I'm just like 'Yeah, no, I'm not carrying around some big ass iPad...
Comparing the kindle﻿ fire to the iPad is like comparing my honda civic to a Cadillac. The Cadillac has all the bells and whistles, but my honda cost half that and gets better mpg's. I personally have a computer and a smart phone. Why do I need a $500 iPad? Kindle fire does what you need it to do for a lot less.
I think I'm going to pick one up since its only $200. An iPad IS better, but the price difference is huge. For so much cheaper, I think the﻿ Fire is a better deal.
I care about specs... but I love my﻿ kindle fire! for 200! the best thing you can get!
My mom would like this. Do you know when the﻿ next iteration might be available?
I love my kindle fire! I have all 3 ipads, all the Kindles and All the nooks,﻿ And the kindle is at the top of my list.
I really like this video it was very informative and you really showed me the great things and the quality of the device know I cant wait till mine﻿ comes in
stop that, stop hating on the﻿ kindle fire!!!! I want one!!!!!
Good review! I love my﻿ kindle!
I'm watching this on my kindle fire(: The lack of the volume key CAN get a litttleeee bit annoying, but that's my only complaint. The power button position doesn't bother me at all ... The Silk Browser is really fast too. I LOVE MY KINDLE!(:﻿
Price is pretty sweet, but 7" tablets look like jumbo smartphones﻿ to me. I'd much rather watch my Netflix movies and shows on a 10" screen.
I just watched this video right now with my kindle fire﻿ ans I absolutely agree with EVERYTHING you mentioned about this tablet! Its not meant to do what the "ipad" does!!! I loved that this tablet was $199 and im satisfied for whats its worth. I love my kindle fire :)
I just watched this video right now with my kindle﻿ fire and I absolutely agree with EVERYTHING you mentioned about this tablet! Its not meant to do what the "ipad" does!!! I loved that this tablet was $199 and im satisfied for whats its worth. I love my kindle fire :)
Atleast﻿ it's not chinese. :)
my mom got me this﻿ for my birthday coming up, so i'm trying to learn more about it! :) & so far, I like it.
Android all the﻿ way
Good video I﻿ love the kindle fire.I am getting one in a week.
Everything﻿ is great on mine...but he's right, the magazines could use some improving!
Lol leave Amazon﻿ alone. Its the first.
I love my kindle i think it is a amazing device : you should try rooting and installing a rom﻿
i love my kindle﻿ fire
Can I record, make beats﻿ and produce music on this thing? I've seen a few vids on that Su-Preme MPA App. Looks pretty awesome.
I love﻿ kindle fires
As﻿ Soon As You Say Kindle... You can count me in. Awesome. I really enjoy the titles you can download At low prices too!
i love my﻿ kindke fire i LOVE it ive had for like forever!
I don't usually comment on these things, but this was a very good review. This is the first review I've seen that reviewed it as an e-reader and didn''t compare it to the more expensive tablets, or their smartphone or iPad and tell me it can't do this or that like whatever gadget they're used to. I just﻿ wanted to know if the darn thing was good for reading books, and based on this review I'm sold.
I like the 10.1﻿ inch one but both look cool. Thanks for making a vid.
I was originally looking at buying the Xoom but then I saw this and liked it for its size and form factor over the Xoom. I dont really want a Prime as that is out of my budget and the Galaxy Tab 10.1 has none of the USB, HDMI and what not. So my question is, is this quicker and that much better than the Xoom and if it is I would be going for a 10.1 WiFi only model which have﻿ been released.
i just recently purchased one of these for £35 xD very cheap now :)﻿ and awesome
I'm sold﻿
Tegra 3 and I'm sold.﻿
Something for gamers/ architects!. or high specs for people who use﻿ design software :D
not upgrading my nokia 5800 was finally worth it.. i saved for months together and its finally﻿ here.. I LUV ASUS...
Not for me , For me android﻿ is way better than M$ Windows
Android >﻿ Windows
Looks a lot sexier, if that's possible for a piece of tech...﻿
This could quickly become a top competitor for the tablet market. Way to go ASUS.﻿
Apple﻿ is finished.
OHHH﻿ looks good!
Great, apart﻿ from the bloke saying "ASUS"
transformable android﻿ ultra book!!! 650 ($499+$150dock) is expensive, but it's not if it's something you are going to love
Piegoodman: You idiot. The tablet can be removed from the dock. The keyboard dock is﻿ optional (but having one I can say it is well worth it).
this makes me want﻿ to ditch my Acer a500 for this sucker
Uh it's quad core﻿ so yes.
8.3 millimeters thin, it was shown briefly at AsiaD, it looks amazing. ﻿
Wait its actually going to be called the Transformer Prime! I love it even more. I guess they capitalized﻿ on everyone wanting a Nexus Prime.
I've waited to buy a tablet because this messiah tablet was﻿ coming!
yes. yes. yes. and﻿ more yes. I use mine for classes, travel, and just about anything else (including this). Can't wait to see the next masterpiece in line! :D
After doing intensive research about the best android tablet﻿ in the Market I was surprised to know that the Asus was the #1 Android tablet favored by a lot of tech sites and blogs beating even the Xoom and Galaxy tabs. And with the smart keyboard provided by Asus, their first tablet was really a star, by giving you access to both worlds of tablets and net books. That's the reason I strongly believe this new tablet is the one for me hands down!
Guys you need to trust me that Asus is doing a far better job in tablets than samsung! Samsung is all about advertising and imitating﻿ the ipad but with Asus they are truly trying to be original and their first tablet along with the accessories they provided were a great hit! I don't want to start any flame fanboy wars, but it's just that I like the way Asus works, and I'm sure most of you guys respect innovation. Deep respect Asus and keep it up
The side of the screen﻿ is new, it looks sleek like the apple now without the nasty borders when you look closely at 0:03 you see the honeycombs
8.3﻿ mm thick! that's something...
a quad core tablet. wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww﻿
Amazing, Just Slap Windows 8 on that and its﻿ a go!
It's so﻿ sexy. I have to have it.
lmao fuckface apple﻿ fanboy here talking about how apple is so much better than google because they sold more shit and only treating it as a business. and the profit margins for apple and google were closer to 24 and 28 respectively.
looks like﻿ the ipad is gonna look like turd after all
A laptop that﻿ can be detached to be a laptop... That. Is. Amazing.
ICS+Kal-El=ipad2killer﻿
It's actually quin core, it has the four standard﻿ cores plus an extra phantom core to run discreet tasks in the background. Pretty cool, huh?
Jesus Christ﻿ was only 3 in 1 (Trinity), this is 4 in 1... looks like he is beat.
Tablet﻿ And Loptop 2in1?=WoW o.O
asus transformer1 is already a ipad2 killer!﻿
do your﻿ research, the first asus transformer is already a ipad2 killer!
exactly my point, not just the best Android tablet but also﻿ favored over the ipad2 by many experts and critics even some apple fanboys.
build quality, its not out yet u cant judge that... as for software, you can pay a bit more and get windows 8 with it which will still be cheaper than buying a ipad 2, as for hardware, it speaks for itself self. Ipad 2 is just overpriced crap, asus plan to sell thier quad core﻿ tablet for LESS than a dual core ipad 2. Ipad 2 doesnt have half the graphics power of tegra 2 never mind tegra 3 or run a "full os" , instead it has a enhanced phone operating system.
and for all you apple﻿ fanboys, who love thier ipads, wheres ur flash lol
Ya, they made﻿ a lower power single core chip to run basic tasks such as navigating and basic applications that don't really need 2 or 4 cores to run (alarm clock, calender, etc). This saves ridic power, allowing the Transformer Prime to get 14-15 hours battery life without the keyboard dock.
and I dont care if android is more advanced etc I care about performance in everyday tasks, simplicity and this things ios do﻿ better on slower than tegra2 processor. So even ipad graphics are worse we have still better performance! So whats the point having tegra? Even games look better on ipad. I am not gonna mention the quantity&quality of apps on appstore comparing to android market. Tegra 3 looks great and maybe power hungry android will run on it as it should on tegra2.
flash is not history , and ur talking about a﻿ preview asus tablet being slow on flash ? tegra 3 on the new transformer will never be slow, i think.
That made my old Eee PC T91MT cry for it's mother! Quad Core Nvidia Tegra 3, Netbook/Tablet Hybrid, whoo. Ice Cream Sandwich, wow... sure beats my puny Atom running Windows 7. is a stylus still available for writing?﻿
I need a tablt, and I think I'll prefer this one! Ipad, Galaxy Tab, Chromebook... This has a﻿ Penta-Core, is a netbook/tablet with Android 4! What is better?
I can't help but laugh at the contrast of the Simple Galaxy Nexus teaser to the Overt hyper epicness of this one yet they convey effectively send the same message..."You﻿ want this now!!"
why? the tf101 will get﻿ ICS, too. It's not bad at all.
why didnt i wait till this gets released .. it makes my transformer﻿ look so bad
seriously, apple is fucked ( i use, and have been using, apple﻿ products)
fuck rubbish device﻿ (iphone ipad xoom ideapad,eeepc,)made in P.R.China,i need the device come from USA local original factory,not the rubbish nation-CHINA,fuck CHINA,fuck﻿ P.R.China support the best of the best device made in Taiwan HTC and made in Korea Samsung
Seems its coming with﻿ Android 4.0, GSM support would be great
Okay, Apples iPad 2 might be sleek on the outside but I am for sure buying this﻿ tablet ASAP. Asus as a company is doing a fantastic job at being dedicated to move to the Android leader in tablets. This is exactly what I ever wanted, a laptop integrated with a tablet! I will pay about $500 easy for this.
This video definitely made the old transformer look bad, not to mention﻿ that mine is only 4 months old. =\ THIS IS AWESOME
@MrEugenexYew they have the padfone. @asus This absolutely is going to be my tablet, can't wait until 9 november. ;﻿ ) This is just the best tablet in the world, isn't it?
My original transformer is already﻿ on ebay.
well there﻿ goes the ipads dominance this thing plays fucking pc games
MBA owner: "My macbook is thinner than your laptop!" Tranformer owner: *pulls off tablet, play angry﻿ birds on touch screen* MBA owner: "..."
It's not a Quad-Core... It's﻿ a 5 Core ! Nvidia Tegra﻿ 3 ! and Dual Boot ! (windows 8 / Android 4.0 Ice Cream) Ipad 2 = Looser :D
Samsung galaxy﻿ nexus + asus transformer 2 = apple raped...
@shivang345 you mean Motorola﻿ Droid Razr + Asus transformer 2 = apple raped
Asus has sure made a good tablet. A very innovative and useful design is fantastic. In my opinion, this﻿ trumps the iPad in innovation of design.
THIS TABLET IS GOING TO SH*T SO DAMN HARD ON﻿ EVERYONE'S FACE.
but I'm sure it's a great device. Will buy it =)﻿
It has reached Super Saiyan 2 !! Majin﻿ Buu has no chance (iPad)
tegra 3 quad-core processor...fastest tab ever.﻿
TEGRA 3?﻿ DAYUMM. Good luck Apple. GOOD FUCKING LUCK!
Damn I love this brand. ASUS products are really high﻿ quality yet it's very affordable.
Yea SUCK﻿ IT APPLE!!!!!
ITS LOVE﻿ AT FIRST SIGHT! AND WHEN THE TABLET DISCONNECTED FROM THE KEYBOARD, I HAD AN ORGASM!!!!!
Like the zenbook.﻿ Nice....
Motorola Xoom﻿ 2 Suck compared to this Device.........
Come join﻿ the facebook page "Eee pad Transformer Prime Rocks" !!!!
I just look at the Asus Prime Benchmark Scores﻿ 10000 WOW
I'm buying this goodbye xoom and hello Asus﻿
Good job, but if can mount 2 Bluetooth, for 2 pads or 1 for sincronize music and﻿ etc... 2 BT :)
YES. Better than any tablet out there currently in every way. I kinda wish they made the keyboard dock a little thicker though. They could have fit in a bit more battery and another USB port.﻿
I never considered buying an Android tablet because of some issues I see in it, However Asus changed things now I wanna support Asus because they seem to have done a very good job on the new coming prime! one small thing would be icing on top﻿ would be 2gb ram instead of 1gb it blow out everything for a good while. but still very impressed and will buy the prime! you've taken the right direction Asus!!! innovate and be ahead of the competition like that and we shall support you!!
This thing is gonna beat iPad like hell for sure with all﻿ its specs.
the ipad 6 doesnt even﻿ stand a chance
ASUS - Please release this tablet in the states ASAP - dont care if it is with honeycomb cause its EPIC - :) Would love it and beneficial for﻿ u too considering more people will buy this rather than other rival tablets - not that this is not worth waiting for - just that some are misinformed THANKS!!!!! LOVING THIS!!
Absolutely positively the best tablet out there. Quad-core CPU, best-in-class battery...the iPad 2 better watch out, its time to meet it's maker. It's bests everything that was bad about the original Transformer, and IT was great! Now, it's the thinnest tablet, the﻿ most powerful tablet, all-metal chassis, it's got a subwoofer, super-super bright screen, AND an 8MP camera with a 2.4f aperture. Incredible. Just incredible.
Dear ASUS, now that you've concurred the tablets world, would you please make a a﻿ kick-ass Android phone to rule all? :)
Keep in mind guys, that this tablet is being assembled in Thailand. Thailand has recently been experiencing massive floods that have slowed the economy down and shut down some companies. I talked to a droid developer and he said that the prime is being pushed back in some areas because they are not able to produce enough due to the circumstances. There may be more demand than there is supply. But for a tablet like this, it's﻿ worth waiting for.
OMG ASUS IS RISING INTO POWER, FELL BAD ABOUT﻿ APPLE
fuck! i should have bought this and not the galaxy tab﻿ 10.1 how much is this?
My condolences. My prime is awesome though, it all﻿ works.
1920x1200 screen very nice...this is better in any aspects than the ipad 3. ups sorry "the new ipad"﻿
damn this tablet is freaky amazing. The last thing it needs imo﻿ is for it to be in white, this would be so sexy!
So this is supposed to be better than the new iPad? It has ics and 4g to launch the notes app? And that wallpaper looks good on the high res screen. I don't understand why every video I've seen so far regarding﻿ this tablet has the guy just sliding his finger and talking about "specs" without actually showing us anything.
this fool called the micro HDMI port the USB port, man this guy is half retarded, but its hilarious how the apple needed to put a 70% larger battery in just to keep the 10 hour battery with a dual core processor, the tegra 3 can run 10+ hours with the regular 25wh battery, for the first time, apple didnt make﻿ the most efficient device haha
thats kind of why im losing my patients and i just want a tablet and this has everything i need! sorry if i sound like a pain but ive been waiting a whole year for the asus transformer prime but i cant buy a product with﻿ issues so thats why i want this asap
Well,﻿ the problem is not with the Aluminum back as people say with the prime. It is just on some devices the antenna is not placed correctly. Luckily, I got one in working condition.
Yes, it is indeed very interesting. It is a phone that has a dock that is a tablet, and the station dock (the tablet) has a keyboard dock. Naturally, the tablet is just a bigger screen with a 6600 mAh battery, and also uses dynamic display technology to display all apps in tablet form (such as, g-mail has two forms, a tablet form, and a phone form). And the keyboard dock has a 6000 mAh battery. The only thing I do not like﻿ is that the station dock resolution is 1280x800.
Hardware wise, this uses Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 (Dual-Core), it is more powerful than the Tegra 3, because the Snapdragon S4 uses the Cortex A-15 architecture while the Tegra 3 uses the A-9. Also, it will﻿ have 1.6 GHz.
If you have the money and you want﻿ the best tablet available, yes.
cool to see that the prime will have an upgrade ... and that the top will stay brushed aluminiun =﻿ nice look.
I would just get the Wifi only version because it comes with Tegra 3, cheaper, and I could﻿ just use my phone for a mobile hotspot.
resolution and more ghz in the processor AND﻿ new android software
Difference between tf300 is 1080p ips+ gorilla glass﻿ I believe, 8mp with flash 2mp front facing, shit THIS is the tablet to have..
Thsi tablet is﻿ MUST HAVE !
it also extends your battery﻿ by 8 hours and gives you usb, hdmi, and sd capability.
actually the ipad 3 is better in the resolution "department" .. although overall I'd go with the﻿ asus ...
im glad they did not :) TF300T is amazing, but this is stunning. to﻿ my mind by far best..if it keeps up with the performance of T300. gotte love this gadget :)
it's so amazing! really like me!﻿
after some﻿ careful searching, i have finally found a replacement for my crappy ass tablet :D
When it comes﻿ to Google, they kick ass! :)
I just picked up the galaxy note 10.1, it is a beast note taker. Search it up! Also it is clearly the﻿ best stylus and screen combo with 1024 levels of pressure! :D
The﻿ price is great!
The games run flawlessly on this device and yes this is one thing﻿ he should have mentioned in his review and most reviews leave things like that out for a reason i am unsure of. I for one would have liked to see an actual performance demonstration (such as attempting to run 2 emulators (for console emulation) side by side) as that is one thing i would like to do on a device such as this one.
This is one of the best tablets currently available as it is available in all price ranges (comparing it to a kindle was a bad idea... as the kindle has a third of the power that this monster has. This will do everything you need it to do flawlessly two times over if you are a regular user, if you think about the storage issue further you will realize that this machine can yes, hold a small amount of space, however also is only $200﻿ and likely has cloud storage available.
Also to note, videos will only play in 720P on this device, meaning those gigantic ass movies you have will not run in full quality on this device anyways, rendering their size practically useless and these videos should be scaled down before placed on the device in the first place, you really cannot go wrong with this device at all, in any way. As devices that also boast no lag in performance,﻿ cost twice the price of this tablet.
That sucks﻿ because it doesn't use android.
and finally, I'm writing from ma new nexus 7 .. that tablet﻿ is awesome !!
i have the playbook and it doesnt have a flash and its broke lol my friends﻿ broke also... was brilliant apart from not many apps as its blackberry :/
If im watching this, why would I buy or even think about buying the new﻿ Cadillac? I'm still trying to figure why ads really exist. Maybe just to spread word of mouth and nothing else...I like the google product simply bc it makes the competition between google, apple, and amazon that much more interesting.
im pretty﻿ sure the ipad has already been killed
ya gotts admit it is nice﻿ to not be frustrated with rotations all le time
Absolutely love my Google nexus so smooth and quick just wish it had rear camera only﻿ comparable tablet to ipad
I really want the Google Nexus 7! I love﻿ this new device :D Hehe
I will buy one! it's﻿ awesome!
If you have an Android mobile ..your﻿ life is AMAZING.
still a great tablet despite the presence﻿ of data
@normalpsychology And the iDouches finally show up. Ive used every generation of ipod touch, ipad, and iphone. At the end of the day when I wanted a tablet I chose the Iconia a500, and now I bought a nexus 7 for portability. Go watch﻿ a review of the ipod 3 and comment on that. I swear idiots should be banned from youtube.
just﻿ wish i knew about that when i bought my blackberry playbook
Those are some mighty fancy moves John's bustin'﻿ out at the end. I like the fact that it's wireless only but the lack of storage options is a turnoff. I think I'll wait for the next gen.
I got mine﻿ yesterday day and its amazing, however, the only downside is that mine only has 8 GB which I don't think will be enough. Anyone that has a 8 GB nexus 7 could you please tell me if the storage has been enough?
I own a Nexus 7 myself and it's﻿ my first tablet. It's absolutely amazing.
this is not that good of a review.I got a Nexus 7 and the space on the sides are perfect for holding it vertically or horizontally. Also review rotates when you turn﻿ the tablet just not on the main menu screen. This thing is designed very well person in the video is not realizing this.
This looks great, but I'm looking to get a 10 incher for my next tablet. My playebook serves my purpose for now. sidenote : I﻿ didn't know John Malkovich and Ken Jeong is in TF3...awesome...too bad everyone say it's a POS...
Never bought a smart phone or a tablet, but Nexus 7 is getting﻿ close to what I want. Things that are missing. -Forward facing camera. -3G for skype calls like a phone
@yAngl2ico yeah﻿ it does but you have to get a launcher from Google play and it is a pretty good camera
I like the room around the side that's where I﻿ keep my thumbs
I have an iPad,﻿ and, well, i kinda want this.
Windows Phone user here do﻿ you reckon I should get one of these ? Looks pretty nice I was waiting on the Microsoft Surface but not even so much as a price or release date yet.
Im in the exact same boat. I plan on buying a nexus 7﻿ soon. it seems more convenient. Im actually replacing my ipad with this.
it´s possible to﻿ expand your storage with an OTG cable and one of those tiny usb sticks , maybe not looking as slick as a integrated sd-slot but better than nothing
im saving money for this lol.. wanted a PS Vita, but not any more ;)﻿
fuck off. China makes a lot of shit and makes it good. Plus - most Samsung factories﻿ are in China and India anyway
I actually can. The nexus costs 200/8gb vs ipads 400/16 (that's on no 3g) - much worse with 3g. That's the same. Nexus 7 isnt actually that clunky - i have used a friend's and it was very smooth and fast. Smaller screen does indeed not fit in a poclet but it does fit in a lot of places an ipad can't. You can load an app﻿ for browsing.. easy Apps are just fine, all the big/imporant ones are there.
The best, so﻿ far, even better than the new Amazon HD
iPad﻿ killer
Im really liking how this is looking. Anything that sticks the knife into apple has﻿ to be a good thing
I would have liked to have a rear facing camera, instead of the front facing one, and I would like it to come in a 32gb. I like how they look and feel, it is just the right size for me to fit in my hands and have an﻿ enjoyable user experience. I bought my girlfriend an Asus Transformer, and it was too big for my purposes.
I saw Tweeterman287's review too and he said at 250 bucks for 16gb and﻿ a good tablet it would be nice. And he also said go for 16gb since there is no SD card to get more memory. Also you can connect your ps3 controller to the tablet. I'm gonna ask for this for Christmas probably.
It really depends on people's use n preferences. For me, a nerdy girl with tattoos on, I'm at school and home most of the time so I always have wifi. Having ipad 1,2,3 before I found out﻿ for a normal usage, I don't need all the crazy 32 or 64gb of storage. So micro sd slot is not really a problem. Moreover, it is totally worth the price. once you use it you'll know. It's buttery smooth, damn fast thanks to JellyBean and it's ASUS made. It's an awesome tablet n worth the price.
I'd say please get this :) It looks less bulky, it's Asus made, better screen than the kindle, better processor with the fancy quadcore AND especially Android 4.1.1 Jelly Bean (the newest version). It's just overall better. I've had ipads, kindles, and just bought this 3 days ago﻿ and I'm telling you that's the tablet I love the most among all of my tablets. :) JellyBean makes thing fast and simple, very efficient for multitasker. Price wise, Nexus 7 is also a better choice :) Hope I helped smh.
200$ it way cheaper﻿ than ipad and way more powerful... if you want a tablet, this is a no brainer
Well, the Kindle Fire HD doesn't come﻿ out till October, so if you want one now obviously pick the Nexus 7. I have a Nexus 7 and they are great to use, only problem is that there is no rear view camera.
My sprint Google nexus phone just did a system update to nexus 7..its a bit slow at first but it gets really﻿ smooth after a while. :)
For books, kindle, for﻿ everything else, nexus 7.
reallly﻿ amazing that you get all this for jus 200 dollars......thats impressive
I have one. It needs an address book. I could not find a good address book in the app store? You can get the app to make it rotate. Not a big deal. " set Orientation" is the name of the app. This is my first tablet and I like it. The maps don't work without wifi if you are on the road and you are looking up a new address. If you look the address up at you wifi conection and save it it will work. It will not work with the square up card reader app. But it﻿ will work with Intuit app.
cool, obviously id like an ipad but its just too expensive so i think im going to get the nexus 7, im from the uk and the 16gb is £200 so its decent.﻿ Now im just thinking will i ever use my laptop again if i get a tablet? lol
depends on how technologically adept you are. if you want to keep it real simple then the kindle fire hd is a little﻿ easier to use, but the nexus 7 has far superior hardware and software
Nexus 7 all the way, the kindle is a half ass android experience﻿ if you ask me.
I think you should go with the Nexus. Android is really stable on the tab market﻿ and the Kindle has only the advantage of reading books, but also that is really do-able on the Nexus
If you want one simply for entertainment like books movies and TV shows and don't mind paying for Amazon Premium then the kindle fire, which is also easier to use then the Nexus 7. However, if you want access to all of﻿ the Google Android Apps or you use Google Music and you have used or want to use the full android experience pick the Nexus 7. It all depends on what you want it for.
excellent 8 hrs﻿
this x1,000 there's no way anyone would choose﻿ kindle fire over this
kindle fire HD is a bit more buggy than this, otherwise it is a decent tablet. otherwise i suggest this one, or wait til Oct. 26 for the Windows Surface tablet with﻿ Windows 8
nexus 7 all the way if﻿ u want a pure google/android experience, definitely!
I love my Nexus 7! I've had it for about two weeks and it's great, even with the minor omissions made to keep the cost down. For﻿ an in-depth written review, visit brobuffet (dot) com/2012/09/19/review-google-nexus-7-2/
This has better performance and a﻿ bigger appstore. The only advantage kindle has is HDMI output
That's a pretty big advantage! If you get tired of a 7" screen to watch movies on, being able to﻿ hook up to a 17-32" screen is a nice touch!
Nexus 7 is the best tablet out there. Atleast it was﻿ untill note 10.1 came out :)
cool is it awesome cuz﻿ i might get on
Quad﻿ core for $199? Wow, just...wow.
This tablet may not have lags. But this video sure has. ( I have slow﻿ internet connection :D )
I love this tablet. It's everything I needed from a tablet and a big plus is always receiving updates without﻿ having to wait for OEMs to release it.
Thing looks pretty cool﻿
Been pleased with﻿ the N7 an impressive tablet for its price a Bar none.
Sushi, keyboard is impressive for stock Android. The﻿ price just beats the IPad by a long shot.
I've﻿ had the Nexus 7 about a month and I am completely satisfied. My first tablet BTW. You may laugh and say how trivial but it is very comfortable holding the unit. Not bulky at all and very light. OS very intuitive and very fast. So what if it doesn't have a camera on front etc. Also and this is key, picking up the unit is great in that its easy to swoop up and use. Not block like that you need two hands to grasp. As soon as I seen this and tried I was like sold. I was tired sitting on f
I want the nexus﻿ 7 but should I wait for something else like a 7" tablet with msd but will it be around the same price?
Google sucks gorgeous giant jelly bean lollipop while Apple chokes on its own LONG testicle called iPhone﻿ 5 so your opinion is permanently invalid, my good sir!
google is one of the best things happened in IT history... just because you are dumb to understand it, it doesn't mean it sucks.﻿
I'd consider myself an Apple fanboy, but I find Android very interesting. The﻿ UI seems pretty cool. I'll probably stick with my iPhone, but I'm considering getting an Android tablet to play around with.
posting from my iphone. seriously I love this thing but the nexus looks awesome as well I'm very tempted to get one considering it's﻿ a lot cheaper than the ipad
I﻿ love this tablet can't wait to get one
I got one and i just downloaded a free webcam video recorder thing from the play store it works great I do really wish it﻿ would rotate
Wow it has google maps! Thats so﻿ cool I won't get lost anymore!
Should i get a galaxy nexus or a nexus 7 tablet? But i just want a Pure google phone with a considerable life span :D The Nexus 7 will be the best when i take it somewhere because﻿ of its stunning looks and huge screen but the galaxy nexus is a phone i can call someone with and easy to use, not too big not too small... :D Which one would be the best for me? or should i just get a laptop instead? :D Thanks!!
Shame you're on Youtube which Google own, you probably use Google﻿ search engine every day. Android owns any iSue bullshit.
Omg i was getting the new iPod touch﻿ for Christmas but i suddenly remembered about this tablet! It's cheap and i love... I have a Galaxy Tab 10.1 but i think I might sell it
When I first played with it I found it irritating that the tablet does not﻿ go in landscape mode the whole time. But luckely there is an app for that! That was the only downside, works grate and is blazing fast!
WOW﻿ THATS AN EPIC TABLET!
then consider the nexus 7, I bought it a few days ago and it's perfect for what you said. 10" tablets are more awkward with games,﻿ and this is the most powerful 7" tablet to date.
I'd be careful. Once you﻿ get your Android tablet, you'll never touch an Apple product again! :P
Ive finally broke away from my apple fanyboyness. I will keep my iphone but go with this tablet because i am really interested in android. iOS sucks﻿ :(
I'm getting tired of the stale iOS software myself. I find the Jelly Bean 4.1 software much better﻿ experience than Apple iOS platform. Besides, iOS 6 is just a glorified version of the previous iOS 5.
love android ﻿
same here personally i love my iphone but the ipad is a freaking rip off for 400 hundered dollars then﻿ you have this baby with more power. Sure the screen is tinnier but the value is way beyond the ipads
Dude google﻿ is the future.
i can recommend the nexus 7,﻿ my best tablet so far!
this﻿ CRUSHES the kindle fire! and is a very good contender with the ipad
The only apple product I buy is the Itouch. IMO android phones and tablets are better and less expensive but i need some﻿ ios actionwhichis where the itouch comes in.
I just bought one ...so far I like this tablet..﻿ you can rotate the screen ... just click the box in the setup screen.. my screen now rotates... thinking about buying some more for Christmas gifts...
I love this tablet fast,powerful,and really great at gaming, and﻿ I recently had a kindle fire it was OK but this is much better than the kindle fire. Faster and sometimes the kindle fire got super laggy just scrolling down on websites this is much smoother if you by a kindle fire over this you ate a idipt
ipod touch 5 or this? this looks like a great﻿ tablet for the price but i need the portability the ipod touch has. and also i need my music and the ipod looks like the better option.
Trust me. At 7in and light form factor.﻿ The Portability is just as good. Got with a Tablet.
Dont buy an ipad thats why i am here im looking for a﻿ replacement
Got mine 2 days it ago, works like a charm and had no problems at all playing high end﻿ games on it :) great deal for its price, totally worth buying!
i think nexus is more beautiful than iPad:)﻿ i have an iPad, but i don't like it..too heavy and stuff...
I'm glad I bought this tablet. I never use our iPad anymore - its simply too heavy and big! I find ,myself carrying this little slate around with everywhere. Wonderful product, great price point. I bought 8gb since everything I use is in cloud.﻿ Additionally, I have my phone with me at all times so pictures and mobile data is not a problem. I stream WiFi hotspot via Open Garden app or FoxFi.
It all depends on personal preference. Android products are more versatile and customizable, but they do take﻿ a learning curve and for some they are more complicated. ipads are easy and elegant, but there is no room for personalizing it. It's not about apple vs android or mud slinging, its about what kind of person YOU are and what works for you.
Super nice tablet. Love this 7 inch size. Much more﻿ ergonomic.
Is it worth it? Coz its finally here in my country and its affordable﻿
Exactly my opinion, i like Android, but as Rettinger would put it 'i dont want to use it as my daily driver'. I've held the Nexus 7 and really like the form factor and the OS, partially I think, because its 100% Google no manufacturer crap. I'm seriously tempted to pick one up, i have no issue with crossing devices aslong as they suit me. I hate fanboy-ism as it shows narrow mindedness and shows arrogance, theres no need for it. Ok you spent £300-600 so your going to back it, but﻿ dont go to far.
I got a﻿ Nexus 7 two days ago they are so fast it is amazing
I'm on the same boat. For now, I say go with the iPad or wait for iPad mini. There is little customized app support for Android tablets. If you are not using apps alot, go with this. Also, your iPhone will play nicely﻿ with an iPad, not really Nexus 7.
Beautiful and usable device, but﻿ rushed and badly engineered. My Nexus does not come on at all. I got so attached to it. I'm boxing it now and it feels like loading a coffin.
nexus 7-not as portable,apps are pretty decent,surfing﻿ the web is pretty good with the larger screen,but you will lose out on 5mp cameras of the 5gen ipod touch ipod touch 5gen-the opposite I would go for the nexus 7 if you want something $99 cheaper ,and runs android os (it also came with $25 FREE google play credit and a transformers movie,but it has expired recently)
@MageeVue - yep you can do everything on that device as you would on the iPad. The only difference is you don't have to use iTunes (Thanks god) it's less then half the price, it has a better screen then the iPad 2 , is faster then﻿ the new iPad - has 4 times the amount if ram, lthe user interface is stunning, and is pretty much unlocked to do what ever you want with it.
I﻿ have an iPad 2 - Trust me when I say I'm blown away with the nexus device. The only reason the iPad is popular, is because of how much money apple spends in marketing - and how "Pretty" there software. Don't waste £280 more on an iPad like I did. The nexus is brilliant. - faster , lighter , just the right size and under half the price of an iPad.
It would of been an awesome tablet w an XD expansion﻿ slot, overall, this is one amazing tablet and for the price, well, what else would you want?
I LOVE MY NEXUS 7 TABLET! ITS﻿ THE BEST ANDROID DEVICE EVER (BURN IN HELL IPAD) (hehehe)
you﻿ won't regret the nexus 7 :-)
Ok, Yes you can put music easily on your Nexus, just drag the files into the music folder on your computer. Yes﻿ you can listen to music without wifi as long as its ones that you got from the store or put on from your computer. It has a speaker which works very well, and a microphone, and yes it does have a headphone jack. I definitely recommend it.
Just got nexus 7, its﻿ awesome
I retired my Motorola Xoom. Love﻿ my nexus 7
Typing this from my nexus 7. Its﻿ totally awesome if you have questions just ask
The 4.1.2 update allows the rotation of the home screen, and this tablet rocks! as for native camera app, if you need to take a pic of something, you are usually going to share it so use the app that you want to share with. if you really want control it's a quick and easy﻿ download from the Play store, just search camera app, and you have tons to choose from.
This device looks very tempting, but isn't 16 gb of storage extremely insufficient? I think that's gonna be the reason﻿ why I won't buy it. Darn!
@aigg accually 16gb is more than sufficiant﻿ for me, i have 3 hd vids at about 350mb each, some music, and apps. 8gb probably would have been fine but I just went with 16gb
Typical! I finally find a nice tablet I﻿ can afford, and it only comes with 16 gigs of storage, WITHOUT the option to use﻿ sd cards. Darn!
This is absolutely better than any﻿ other 7 inch tablet on the market....Jelly Bean rocks, i got mine 2 weeks ago and i'm in love
I like this tablet. i might sell my ipod 2nd generation and save up for it ﻿
i would recommend this than other tablet, its simple and compact. awesome﻿ processor. i regret buying the ipod touch, i should've waited for this, :|
Best tablet for﻿ that price
I got this tablet not to long ago and its brilliant, I just had a update to android 4.1.2﻿ and it rotates now!
My girlfriend is getting me this and i agree that it should include a sdcard slot an ive read some articles that google is pushing out a update soon that will add landscape which is good but overall this looks to be one of the best﻿ android tablets on the market for that amount
This thing is really nice. but it does lack a lot of features, like of course lack of expandable storage, back camera, lack of landscape mode at any time, 7 inch screen only, and a cut down screen. etc. but it's still very very nice. I wish they would come out with﻿ the 10 inch sooner
The tablet is so perfect except no﻿ expandable memory!
I am a mac fan and agree that ipad is way better but lets not be ridiculous this is still a good tablet. It just depends on what you like. Some people like the fact that it has is cheaper then the ipad and ipad user like all the bells and whistles﻿ it comes with.
@Mezimful I highly recommend getting the Nexus 7.﻿ Samsung devices are not good at all. I hope I helped you out.
Nexus 7﻿ is amazing way better than Kindle fire hd
Just a quick note, It can hook up to﻿ an external hard drive/flash drive with a wire connection so you can bring stuff with you but you need another device. For 100 dollar lower price point, I wouldn't mind bringing my western digital passport terabyte hard drive with me if I do want to watch movies etc.
Perfect﻿ Christmas gift :)
Bit storage and can use it without having wifi and﻿ I'll get it in a heart beat! Probably wait for the next one to come out, but tablets look so damn good!!
Not really, store a ton of music and videos﻿ and stuff on it. Be perfect for traveling, on plan, train etc.
zzz this is not﻿ apple. Android doesn't need such complexities
Way better than a retarted Ipad mini! I'm﻿ considering it.
i was really positive to buy an ipad﻿ mini but after seeing what a piece a shitty spec'd tablet that is im considering this.
Im heavily in Apples ecosystem will﻿ I have an issue if I get a Nexus 7. really not feeling the iPad Mini price tag for the specs its pushing out. figured its the perfect time to try out android. Would really appreciate a reply back.
So true, i was going for ipad mini, but with﻿ that ridiculous price, nexus 7 FTW!!! be sure to wait for the 3G version coming out soon. Google press conference on Oct 29th.
Maybe, just maybe, they're both﻿ awesome?
This device looks great but i am going with the Ipad mini. Its not because i am a apple fan but because i have so many apps purchased via the apple﻿ store. If i get this i would have to purchase apps that i really need for work and commute. Other then that i am really impressed with this device. Apple cant beat the price either.
Yeah but it's my taste : I think the iPad Mini is better because they are more apps for iPad in the App Store and it has a bigger screen. But the Nexus 7 is﻿ a good product too! Don't worry:) lol So, it's a great video
I'm not worried. The Nexus 7 has a quadcore CPU and a kick ass﻿ graphics processor.
They're both good﻿ products. Get outta here fanboy.
Nexus 7 >﻿ iPad Mini
N7 : Cheaper, quad-core , fits in your hand better, has NFC, 216ppi, uses a standardized micro-usb compatible with just about any device-No need to fear for losing one, its so easy to get a hold of one Ipad mini: More expensive, Dual-Core, 163ppi(mediocre screen), strange own proprietary "lightning" connector not compatible with any device except﻿ for apples own.
I've had this tablet for about a month and its awesome! No lagging﻿ whatsoever, the apps I use for my android phone work better on this tablet. Gaming is awesome. But best of all it is great for watching videos. Android Jellybean did an update about two weeks ago and the update made it possible to tilt the home screen. This tablet won Tablet of the Year and it deserves it.
nexus﻿ is good.
WTF are you smoking? Let me have some please. I think you need to go look﻿ again buddy at your failed research. Tegra 3, when it comes to raw power, wipes the floor with A5 and A5X.
better than﻿ apples overpriced shit.
depends on you, Fire would maybe be better if you want it for entertainment since amazons collection of music books and video is impressive, mini in my﻿ opinion is a waste of money but if you have all other ios devices why break the ecosystem with icloud and so on, i perfer nexus since im deep in google services and the price is, so far, unbeaten for its tech
It already is a crazy﻿ processor!
Definitely want one. Glad I recently learnt about the 32GB version soon﻿ to be available here in the UK. If it had 3g & a micro sd slot to expand the storage it would be perfect. Shame it doesn't have these. I've heard rumours of a 3g version but can't understand why they can't add a micro sd slot. I think most people would of been willing to pay a little more for a sd slot.
The nexus 10﻿ will be epic, 2GB of ram, a quad core mali t604 GPU, and dual cortex a15 cpu cores at something like 1.7Ghz. Oh and did I mention 300ppi from a 2560x1600 non pentile AMOLED display?
Holy shit the n10 kicks﻿ ass!
Nexus﻿ 7 > Any iPad
Sure the N7 is almost as good as the iPad, and I'm saying this as﻿ an Android user. But the Nexus 10 takes a giant shit on ANY iPad. Look it up.
I still cant believe people go with apple over﻿ this..
I'll wait for the 32 to drop but it definitely﻿ looks really solid
putting an end to the﻿ reign of apples monopoly shit
good tab, but i got the Tab2 10.1. About four days battery use and a real tabletsized screen. Nexus 8.9 would be﻿ great.
It is if google watched this video and fixed all your complains... a 32gb model, 3g radio, landscape and support for multiple users !!! God google﻿ is really a great company!
I'm in love! And I was going to buy an﻿ ipad mini...
I was going﻿ to get an ipad mini but I think I can do a nexus device. Thanks for the video.
I﻿ purchase a 16GB Nexus 7 today without a single remorse, i hope the tablet is worth the money i paid for
But I still buy this,﻿ only 250$? cheaper than mini ipad.
went to 3 different stores to﻿ purchase this thing...they were all out of stock. just goes to show how popular this thing is
This is in my opinion the﻿ best tablet on the market..iPad Mini was a good try though.
this lil thing here is a bad boy, it won the tablet﻿ of the year so apple ipad lovers can kiss this lil boys ass :p
I'm an Apple guy I love my Mac and I use an iPad at work. But personally I wanted a 7" tablet when I heard Apple was releasing the Mini so I waited. It was pointless;﻿ the Mini was a disappointment. I'm buying this little guy tomorrow.
Depends﻿ on what you need. The biggest difference is the processor, where the Galaxy is absolutely due, but the quad core from the nexus is faster. The other is is the lack of SD-card slot on the Nexus, while the Galaxy has it. Depends on what you need!
this does rotate it is so so nice now I love it very much highly recommend﻿ it
Being an apple guy i waited fr Mini..bt it doesnt stnd up 2 d reqd parameters nd ﻿ my personal expctations.. So thinking of goin fr an iPad 4..or may b ths little beauty.. Confused..
please tell me why you did not like﻿ the ipad mini i was planning to get one but this also looks intersting please let me know also let me know how the nexsus is thanks.
I﻿ would get this right now... But there's no back camera... now I'm confused..
The Nexus 7 is much﻿ more powerful. The Mini just isn't up to the standard of other 7" Tablets
You should look﻿ at comparisons. Also I saved $150 by buying the Nexus.
I really enjoy the Nexus 7. The mini just doesn't have what it takes to compete with other 7 " tablets. Especially at the price point. The only reason you should buy the mini is if you can't stand Android but Jelly﻿ Bean is stable.
I'm a multiple Mac owner﻿ and I love my Nexus 7.
ipad mini is horrible , i mean even on announcement they tryied to say﻿ how i pad mini is something precent faster something precent thinner , when nexus 7 is 50 percent cheaper ...
I should've gotten this instead of a﻿ nook color :/
I love this tablet. With the new update, you can now rotate it sideways on the home page. And then for the camera app, they have a perfect working one on the Google store. Just type in "nexus﻿ 7 camera" and it works great. (:
Ipad mini is junk﻿ compared to this
Smart move man. Nexus 7 is an awesome device. Now I gotta get my wallet ready for﻿ nexus 4 <3
nexus 7.﻿ widgets>apps
This tablet is amazing!!﻿ Im using it to comment on it right now :D
I LOVE THE NEXUS 7 I AM GETTING ONE FOR MY﻿ BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!
Apple needs to evolve and become more innovative. Everything in the iPhone was already in the GS3. Everything in the Minis﻿ is already in the Nexus for a lot cheaper.
nexus 7﻿ is twice as fast as the mini
and now there is a 32GB nexus 7 its﻿ even better
This is far way better than an iPad﻿ Mini. Google and Asus did a great job in this device!
Nexus 7 = Quad core,﻿ HD 1280 x 800 display, with 220px﻿ per inch iPad mini = Dual core, Not HD 1024 x 768 display,﻿ with 168px per inch (nexus 7 is also £100 pounds cheaper) Choose wisely
well its not horible its from a diferent interface i love ios but im getting this because i like were android is going and its a diferent aproche to apps so i like to try something new but if you come from an apple interface and you dont want to change the way﻿ you use something you would better get the ipad mini otherway get the nexus 7 its a boss
I just bought the 32Gig Version. Rotation is locker by default, but you﻿ can unlock it in the slide-down menu. So it works perfectly.:-)
Well, actually the iPad mini does have its pros compared to the Nexus 7. -Bigger screen -1080p back-facing camera -Faster graphics While I MUCH﻿ prefer the Nexus 7, there ARE reasons to get the iPad mini. However, since it doesn't fit in a pocket... Apple kind of failed there. They should have probably gone with a 3:2 or 16:10 display. Plus, a higher pixel density and it would be a competitor.
i[ad mini is supperior in﻿ every way, except for the hd
Just got a nexus 7. I'm super impressed, Android has﻿ come a long way
Go for Nexus 7 the play store has a lot more to offer than the kindle. Ipads are just way overpriced and google is showing you can get a truly quality product for a reasonable﻿ price.
awesome google, cant wait to buy this tablet. it is so gorgeous at such﻿ a lovely price.
I'm so glad the 7-inch form-factor didn't die after the original Galaxy Tab flopped. I love my iPad, but by god... it's just large enough that bringing it ANYWHERE is too awkward. I hardly ever take it out o the house. At least something like this you can slip into a﻿ vest or coat pocket or something, though probably no kind of pants...
I bought my Thrive about 2 months ago. 32 gb for $365! I was so stoked! I think they priced it wrong. The box said $579. But I﻿ didn't get the 7" I have a 10"
Doesn't look bad but﻿ the circle around the camera looks childish.
there is﻿ something very cute about this tablet
I hear you. Skinny tablets look better but are harder﻿ to hold onto.
I want this soooo﻿ bad
@exwhyz33 But the ipad2 is﻿ clearly not better
Nexus 7 has NO expandable SD option. Deal breaker. I have this Thrive with a 32gb micro sd class 10!! Tons of HD video as well as my music collection stored on the sd﻿ card. Great option which is a must for a tablet.
I'm sure there are tablets of the same size which are better available now. This tablet is almost 1 year old, so comparing this tablet to the Nexus﻿ 7 is apples to oranges. The thrive is a great tablet with expandable micro sd capabilities. As always, technology advances and we are left pondering whether we should upgrade or not. As for the commenters who feel the need to compare a tablet released in 2012 (Nexus 7) to a tablet out since early 2011 (Thrive), you are stating the obvious.
At least the front facing camera has more pixels than﻿ the iPad 2!
I think that one of the reasons that people avoid apple is because they dont want to be dictated to about where they buy﻿ there music and films, its nice to have a choice.
The G-tab has just been blocked throughout europe by a german court after Apple (May they burn in﻿ hell) sued samsung for copyright issues. Apparently samsung wasn't even told about the court proceedings so didnt get a chance to defend their product. Nice huh. And annoying since I wanted one. Guess I'll be buying the Asus Eee Pad instead. Mostly for on the go video, web and word processing.
this Transformer Tf101 .﻿ ipad sux
It's completely your call. The iPad is more expensive and has a very 'simple' GUI--personally, walsl of tiles annoy me. Android is much more dynamic and customizable. However, the iPad has more apps and lighter weight. The Transformer can transform into a pseudo-netbook with the keyboard dock which the iPad can't do, as well as support usb ports through the dock. The iPad doesn't. There's no way to draw a definitive which-is-better line,﻿ it's entirely dependent on you.
Looks nice to me and I consider buying it in the closest future (I hope). Of course, its best plus is dock station that doubles battery life. Oh, maybe it will sound strange but what camera﻿ are you using for recording this video? Seems to be nice.
this one for the price the﻿ sammy tab is good but its 100 dollars more so idk i like this one
u cant get files off the internet and g idk maybe for keysborads mice usb﻿ flash drives printers...and flash 70% of the videos online use flash player so what ever you can use the ipad.
o my god... your impossible just look at the fucking OS holy shit im﻿ done
I bought it 02-04-12 it works better﻿ now.
I'm having a problem with my Asus transformer tf 101. It's not turning on from it's battery﻿ and it is not charging, it only runs from AC current.
I had the Acer a200, got rid of it﻿ and got this today. I'm loving this Tablet!!!! :D
they both good but the low price the A200 gets a few things taken away from it and which they didn't bother me. the only thing I didn't like was that it did not have a HDMI port but besides that its a good Tablet that brings a Full Usb port. I got rid of it couse I found someone who was sellin the Transformer real cheap so I got rid of the A200 and got the Transformer. they both good.﻿ you'll be satisfy with either one
i like﻿ the vidgets
:) Asus Eee Transformer﻿ + ginger = happy me
Looks pretty sweet. But how much is it..? I also enjoy﻿ Doodle's appearance.
Of all the ipad wannabes, Asus hit everything right and it's not release in﻿ the US first.
I have fallen in love with this tablet since I first heard of it, and now that I know the price I love it even more! As a student and a programmer, I can take this to school and not only take notes but remote connect into my computer at home to do my programming while I'm away! Also, the fact that this has TWO sd card slots (micro on the device and full on the kb) means that﻿ storage is not an issue at all.
The two full USB ports will also allow me to use standard USB flash drives to transfer files around, as well as possibly even plug in a USB mouse for when I remote into my PC! Geez, I could just keep ging on and on about how absolutely﻿ perfect this tablet is for me. Thanks you, ASUS, for FINALLY doing it right!
Well then I know exactly the one I'm gonna get for the wifie!!! She'll really﻿ love this thing ...
So much better﻿ than ipad 2
i have had mine﻿ for 3 weeks now and i can really reccomend the transformer. it is simply excellent in every aspect. far better than the motorolla zoom and even the ipad2
Wow, stunning! The﻿ device is pretty awesome too.
while this seems a great device. i still dont see the point of having tablets especially since the newest tablets have almost the same spec as the newest smartphones (samsung galaxy S2) the only difference is bigger display and slightly different OS version. i can see myself buying one﻿ when the specs at least tops notebooks at a similar price.
My god, I'm﻿ in love! The tablet's pretty nice too :-)
I've fallen in love with﻿ both the tablet and the girl :)
dam.... I love redheads﻿ and Tablets.... and REdheads (^_^)
wow this 1080P video shows good! on the transformer.good review.﻿
ahaha lol "never get﻿ tired of holding this little thing" x0
Just bought this last tuesday. I love how its $399 and better than﻿ all the tablets out for android.
this tablet is so fast, ive seen﻿ some good cpu benches on it
I﻿ like asus but I like the redhead more.
Yeah, it tops any other android tablet on the market in performance. Plus the 16 hour battery life with﻿ the keyboard is sweet. Plus the keyboard is just sweet.
Very nice... I like the keyboard option a lot. I wish it had a USB built on the side of the tablet though so﻿ I wouldn't need the keyboard to use a USB but I still like this a lot.
just wanted to say the stupid bitch saying "them unnecessary F keys are﻿ gone" but theres an Fn key. the F keys are very necessary, but probably not to retards
I want to get on of these so bad but the price is still too much for me﻿ I hope they lower it.
Its a great tablet but its so freaking expensive that I'd rather buy the iPad if I﻿ needed a tablet
simple, if you prefer perfromance over brands go fer it!!﻿
Good review...nice looking device.﻿
no actuly i already have﻿ the ipad and i regretted buying it :(
shocking how she says .. "supports﻿ FLASH !"
Not bad! Little better than I expected!﻿
YOU WISH.... THIS IS A HELL OF A﻿ GADGET!!!!,,, A LOT BETTER THAN THE STUPID IPADCRAP
@XxLeooo02xX I used to have the same problem on my i9000, but thanx to a little app on the market called RyanZA OCLF (one click lag fix) it stopped lagging, you need to be rooted. If you need help on any of this PM me :P and i just bought the Galaxy tab and natively it doesnt lag AT ALL... but if you felt that you needed that little speed boost you can also do a special bersion of OCLF but you﻿ wont find it in the maket!
I sold my iPhone and bought the Galaxy S i9000 and just a few days ago i sold my iPad and bought the Galaxy Tab and to be honest i am way more than satisfied with both devices. i am amazed by the capabilities of android, however, to be honest i miss the PREMIUM feel to the apps found on the itunes app store comparing to the Android market, however, i noticed that more and more cool apps and﻿ gams are showing up on the market but until they clean up Apple wins that area
damn﻿ she beautiful
true its a neat gadget, supports flash and all but for 630 bucks they are out of their fucking minds,﻿ and i aint gettin no new contract just to give em money every month, i'll buy an ipad for 130 bucks less or even better a Notion Ink Adam for 200 less than that, seriously its almost like this tablet is a scam
ipad sucks compare to this!!!﻿
flash thats all i have to say to apple fan boys﻿
ill get one! :DDD it took me some time to persuade my parents, but i did it! :D im so sick of not having﻿ flash on the ipod touch! >:(((((((
haha its Android software, which is﻿ the most widely used mobile software in the world and has the largest app market place, even apple wouldnt insult android by accusing it of being a rip off :)
I can listen﻿ to her talk all day sexy voice .when i lived in germany one girl i dated was from uk when she talks i just melt.I already have samsung galaxy tab i love it.
like the tab; like﻿ the gal
got it as a present. very nice. ﻿
u just as﻿ pretty as the tab
u just as﻿ pretty as the tab
@dmw613 it﻿ depends on what your using it for. I just wish my iPad was alittle smaller. Other then that it's fine.
agreed man, like i said just an﻿ opinion. i haven't owned a galaxy tab but from what I see i'd like my ipad more for games and browsing but the galaxy tab for portability.
lol 5:00 ... who cares what steve jobs says anyway? it all boils down to the fact that at least Samsung's CEO doesn't trash-talk its competition like a primary schooler with the good old 'mine's bigger than yours and i'm more popular than you' argument, and the fact that they can knuckle down and make awesome products﻿ without copy-pasting and stealing ideas.
This is better﻿ than the Ipad
Thanks for the review... I'm gonnna get this device. I have an IPad and I'm soo freaking tired of not﻿ having flash. I cant load any videos onto the thing. If I dont like it, I can always send it back.
All i have to say is flash. Put flash on the ipad and ill be willing to spend﻿ 3 times the money for it., Add a micro SD Slot and i won't think twice.
iPad or Samsung Galaxy Tab?﻿ SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB!!! :D
I owned a galaxy tab. Surprisingly, updates come very very﻿ often, updates are done through Kies.
Galaxy s2 and galaxy tab2 10.1 and 8.9 beat.iphone 5 and ipad2 respectively U will know this﻿ if you see fascinating review of these three devices
Galaxy s2 - the fastest thinnest lightest brightest device with super amoled with dual.core 1.2 ghz﻿ Hd camera 8.0 pixel there is a front camera Smoother even touch is smooth as iphone5
@jinggiman ﻿ dude there is touchwiz 4.0 which works like sensor motion which is awesome
There are more contents and samsungs own﻿ application
New samsung galaxy tab2 10.1 beat ipad2﻿
Actually many people may actually need this kind of﻿ device for daily basics
it would be fun screwing around﻿ with it, but i think i'd prefer screwing around with her. XD
tablet is so fast ! and she is so hot﻿ !
not too big, not too﻿ small.
LOOKS﻿ GOOOOOD! #coco
It looks like a great device, but I have a few questions. Does it support Adobe Flash for video? Does it have a wireless N wireless﻿ card? And can you insert a SIM card into it for 3G everywhere? Many thanks.
i love samsung galaxy﻿ tab.. i've been using it for 3 week now... :) love3x it...
A tab for educational purposes and personal amusement or a﻿ tool for distraction and absolute nonsense....ummmm food for thought you decide
better﻿ than ipad since it supports flash player, hooray, can play fb games on this one.,
its been banned becuase this ripps off ipad so bad. the﻿ books are 100% ipad the whole thing is an ipad clone.
Well it's great can see a good cellphone as﻿ this it has many ways to use we can fb we can twitter in a different way i think Samsung has been equal the Ipad maybe it's better in such away as it's not too expensive it's very pettry :) and its sofware it's more easy to use xD
ipad is﻿ better than this ..
yep, there are some RPG HD games by gameloft like Dungeon Hunter Series.. equipped w/ 1ghz humming chipset, it runs﻿ smoothly on the tab.
Samsung galaxy tab is an amazing tab, but when i bought it 3 days after usage,﻿ it becames with a oil spot in the middle of the screen! I expect that Samsung will respond for this problem! Otherwise, better﻿ look for another android tablet!
This is so just good that we hv﻿ nevr experiencd before
Just root this thing, even though﻿ it has a locked bootloader you can at least probably free up those 15gb in the near future if you get the tablet (plus the expandable memory makes it infinitely more valuable than the kindle fire as you can also side load those amazon services if you want).
I just got one ! :) and very satisfied. ﻿
One thing anout the Kindle Fire you can only buy the books off Amazon Store.﻿ The Nook You Buy The Books Anywhere. Im not going to force you to buy anythng. But Honestly I Would Recomend the nook for you. IN MY opinion but you choose whats best for you. :)
i am using it right now and it runs﻿ smoothly i am very satisfied and i recommend it for everyone that loves to read
I got one for christmas out is awesome﻿
I mean﻿ it was.awesome
I got one of these﻿ for Christmas and I love it.... Good honest review....
personily i dont like ereaders but this ones is alright but for 250$ come on. YOu could get the blackberry playbook for a little bit more and and size 16 32 64 for﻿ the same price and there adding in android apps and it has one of the best cameras on a tablet thumbs up if you agree
B&N cu service sucks. I spoke to a rep a week ago & they said they would replace my charger & I should get it in 2-5 days. It's been a week so I followed up, they said they could not update my info thats why it wasn't sent. I had to end up ordering one online.﻿ Great tablet but cu service sucks bad.
booo i think﻿ nook is way better
I want it﻿
NOOK IS WAY BETTER﻿
i like the tab because i like the samsung galaxy phone and the dell and the touchpad are cheap but the Eee pad is expensive and i would like a small one cause i travel alot and the 7" sounds good but i like the 10" screen for films basically what i want is a tablet that can play hd videos have flash and apps with a good browser good sound and a﻿ capacitive touchscreen and maybe a camera
Great review...i must decide whether to buy this one, the galaxy 7 or the viewsonic viewpad. Price is the final determination although﻿ i am leaning towards the tegra 2 processor for future honeycomb installation.
When it first came out I would﻿ have given the device a 4 out of 5 because it was one of the cheaper devices on the market. But that was when every tablet regardless of size was $500 and the Dell Streak 7 was only $350. Now, there are far better devices on the market for a lot cheaper. The Nexus 7 or Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 if you absolutely need a sd card. Both can be had for less than $250 new.
i have it and i give it a 3 because the first week it shut off on me like when it was almost dead and i had to﻿ restart it but its ok and i got it on a one day sale for 150 so guess not to bad lol
Awesome Review.....This is Great Tablet Over all I have been going to lot of reviews lately and found out...its look Solid in build quality that why only a downside is slightly bulky compare to Top Player in Market, Lenovo had done great touch on top of Honeycomb which make this device to stand out...I recently did order one 32gig﻿ for 335 $ from Circuit city.
amazing tablet﻿
For cellphone ads. this tops﻿ em all!
Well, obviously﻿ the iPhone can't get dropped like a bomb and survive like the droid can. Another thing the droid can do and the iPhone can't.
Ahaha... Preordered at﻿ bestbuy and can NOT wait until friday to get it!
this ad will intimidate non geeks for sure. but at least this dramatic ad will only be aired for a few days. Also, there is nothing cool about the wii or apple ads.﻿ they are just ridiculous attempts at glorifying stupid features or hiding the truth about the crappiness of either the wii or apple products. This is a very well done commercial but I agree that it pushes away more demographics than it attracts. this is ad markets strictly to the younger folks. still, its a nice phone!
want want want﻿ want
The funny thing is, TRUE GEEKS LOVE ANDROID. It runs off of Linux, its open for development, and the phone itself can just do more "freely" then an iPhone. Grabbing the "cool kids" is what they are trying﻿ to do in these ads. The nerds all ready know what the better phone is: The Droid
"When it really isn't". Have you seen the specs, screen size & resolution, full qwerty keyboard, how thin it is, running android 2.0 .... You clearly pulled﻿ that comment out of your ass.
i really wish that one of them fell at some apple fanboys﻿ head, maybe it will get them back to their senses and think straight for once
Can't wait... I will have﻿ my droid in hand in two days! Way to go Moto!
Woooo! I'm getting this! Fuck the Iphone is for faggots﻿
IPHONE is﻿ dead
hahahhahah!!!! stupid! i know the droid is better but the iPhone isnt dead.. just wait till﻿ the new one comes out
Pamma - you're an idiot. Android isn't copying anything. ﻿ It has MANY features that the iPhone doesn't have and because its opensource, the possibilities are endless. Go drink some more apple koolaid and beg Steve Jobs for new features.
OpenSource is ALWAYS better. In this case, it means we get choices: T-Mobile: HTC G1, HTC My Touch 3g, Motorola Cliq Sprint: HTC Hero, Samsung Moment Verizon: Motorola Droid, HTC Desire Variety of carriers, manufactures... I can get a hardware keyboard if i like, or go with a sweet all touch phone (Hero is phenominal)﻿
iphone i'm really happy for you and i'm gonna let let you finish.... but verizon just came out with one best phones of﻿ all time!!!... one of the best PHones of All time!!!
Doesn't the fact that verizon is just﻿ coming out with a phone as good as the iPhone show just how far behind they are?
5﻿ megapixels isn't crappy dude.
iPhone has sleeker UI, but lacks a physical keyboard, and a good network for actually using﻿ it as a phone.
Kick ass, I am getting this phone soon, and sticking my Iphone up my Dog's﻿ crack
the phone is great and all, however it is so ugly with the﻿ gold colored accents.
i hope you take that back soon. it was sold out at every verizon﻿ store wittinna 30 mile radius of me 3 ours after it was released, and the shipping is backed up till next wednesday because there were so many ordered. sawwy that the iphone isnt so great anymore tho.
I think it looks great overall, but I have to agree about the gold﻿ colored accents, makes it looks like an old school calculator
I think it's a matter of preference to which UI is "sleeker". But one this is that the iPhone's UI is completely un-customizable and the﻿ same ALWAYS. On the other hands, android devices are able to have different and customizable themes, whether by user or developer :)
I﻿ don't really think losers so much as smartphone users that want one of the best phones money can buy in the United States.
My GF has a iPhone 3GS and I just got a droid. I haven't found anything the iPhone does that the droid can't. There's a few things the droid does that the iPhone can't. Oh, I have 3G and she doesn't﻿ (in my area)
I demo'd the Droid. Ha I can play Pandora music while I check my email and work with other apps. iPhone gets owned.﻿
too﻿ bad you can't multitask on the iPhone. it sucks. I can't even leave my messenger running. I checked out the Droid and I was running multiple apps at the same time.
the important thing to note is that they wernt dropped by aliens hence they still suck like eevery other human technology @clydeburkey iphone sucks + there﻿ is no better
the﻿ droid rapes the iphone in the ass!
I wouldn't have an i-phone if someone gave it to me. Getting stuck with the dumb-asses over at AT&T (Cingular) would make owning an i-phone a much bigger headache than﻿ it's worth! I'm soooooo looking forward to getting this when it comes out!!!!!
Yeah, I saw that after I posted this. I'm﻿ a bit behind. I'll have to go get one tomorrow! Woohoo!!
i like it actually. ﻿ just takes a little getting used to, but i've had it for less than a day and it's fine for me.
Frankly, I like it too. Just like I've grown to love my Droid. Hey, it's a commercial. What do you expect? Besides, "everyone knows" Verizon's service is incomparable. AT&T﻿ is a distant second once you leave town.
i have this﻿ phone! it rocks!!
i know huh i need a new﻿ phone really badly! its like the phone i want now :D
I got my droid and I'm﻿ loving it :D
droid is the best phone ever and﻿ ive used them all
It was horrible to watch moto fall to the bottom and almost dissapear over the last 5 years. after all, moto did pioneer the mobile phone and if it wasnt for them, the world wouldnt have been the same. But now, moto is finally back in the game and deserve to be﻿ the most popular again!
What was that﻿ ? Iphone Killer
D pad is AWESOME! especially when playing games, a physical keyboard﻿ is much better. For example the GBA emulator- insanely hard to play on a touchscreen. Also the 4 buttons on the front are useful too. Mainly for multi-tasking.
droid commircals are so EPIC. DROID FTW.﻿
oh yes I know thanks to the way android is made you can do anything on those phones the﻿ only problem is is the fact that verizon locks down so much shit it irritates the hell out of me big time thats why I prefer the original vs the droid x and droid 2
Hell yaa! I'm a big Halo Fanboy and﻿ i'm also a very very proud Droid owner!
droids are marketed towards PCs. and by that i﻿ mean everything they encompass, the gamers, the hackers, the scriptkiddies, the normal people who hate steve jobs, for people that want a good machine, not a good looking one. Droid is not for the faint of heart. in a world that isnt, droid is.
loved my﻿ droid. but i love my atrix now :D
loved my droid. but i love my atrix now﻿ :D
The Verizon Droid X is better. Period. Dot.﻿ End of story.
The DROID series is so﻿ badass
I love Droid it is so cool! I'm hoping my brand new Droid samsung galaxy S1 would transform and I would feed﻿ it with some apple!
This was epic. :-) the iphone user comment down below is gay. The droid's had cool shit and iphone's had to copy alot. Enjoy spending﻿ money on ur iphone while we get shit free.
They look sleek and stylish, quality built etc. I'm just﻿ not seeing them succeeding when they're pricing themselves so close to the iPad. I mean is the productivity even there to justify 600-700 dollars? Could it offer content like the Kindle Fire or Nook tablet. I think that's where these OEM manufactures are missing the mark. They need to offer content and define a purpose for plopping down so much money. 600 dollars could buy a decent laptop with 200 dollars left over for a Kindle Fire.
I agree. I like the hardware, but Honeycomb is weak and you can't beat the﻿ iPad 2 by pricing it the same and offering similar specs. You have to beat Apple on specs or price to have a chance.
The XYBOARD, actually. Feels better in the hand - very light, but solid. Also, we had some issues with the 8.9's performance. But with that said, I'd not spend my﻿ money on either, honestly.
Thank﻿ you for doing this review. These devices look like my Droid Razr on steroids.
imo this is a great product, the problem is honeycomb, even with the transformer prime there is a small stutter every now and then, and that tablet﻿ is extremely powerful, so with that said its not the performance of the hardware but of the os thats holding them back, hopefully ICS will make a difference. Overall i think google is doing an amazing job considering this is their first tablet os, not to mention these android tablets were first introduced in early 2011 and have come a long way since
these﻿ destroy the ipad
These are so much better than the ipad, they look﻿ better and use android, which is much more versatile. With the motorola tablet it's possible to hook a flashdrive or an external hard drive up to the device, of course apple doesn't allow this, because why should they make it possible not being forced to use itunes or download an app that costs money.
apple would charge $100 for the pen﻿
same thing as the﻿ Motorola Xoom nothing to different other then I'm Running jelly bean . the clarity and bright contrast is nice that's where the Xoom lags at
You must have some sort of problem you are saying something soo simple invented for people who want everything handed to them in life whitch whill get you no were﻿ but suit your self i hope god finds you and throws your ass down into hell for loving Apple
Get the XyBord 10.1 i have one my self i only﻿ pay 70 bucks a mouth for 10GB whith Blazing Fast LTE connectivity and plus Verizon has a CPO [Certified Pre-Owned] for the price of the 8.2 right now so i would snatch that one while its there
Seems like a good﻿ tablet but I'll wait for a price drop and bug fixes.
Hello techbargains.. Pretty fair review of the thinkpad slate tablet.. Though I will take issue with the problems reported while in the charging dock.. My tablet lives in its dock and i have﻿ not experienced any problems as you describe. ALSO, now that Android 4.0 is released, the thinkpad tablet will ugrade itself quite nicely.. I DO agree about the glossy nature of the screen, it sould be less reflective, a lot less.. All in all, a very nice thinkpad.
it looks nice. i'd rather have a galaxy tab or wait for the hp﻿ touchpad :D go HP!
What makes this appealing is the fact that the WiFi only version was recently announced for something like $379! For a 7" dual core tablet...that's frankly a great price! I'm sure it won't take long for Honeycomb to find it's way on﻿ there either by end-users or eventually by Dell (unlike Samsung, they actually update their product). It's cheaper than the iPad's basic version and has all the basic elements for a decent tablet. I'm sold when the WiFi only version hits
this is only 299 pound xoom is﻿ 600
Im sure that you got your answer by now but if﻿ not the answer is yes. I use all kinds of voice apps including vid-chats and they are great. Ive had mine for two months and I still love it...
Im sure that you got your answer by now but if not the answer is yes. I use all﻿ kinds of voice apps including vid-chats and they are great. Ive had mine for two months and I still love it...
Awesome thanks for the feedback. I figured I'd just leave my tablet in my backpack and use Google voice and/or Skype to make all of my voice calls, I'm not interested in doing much if any at all video﻿ chats. I'll just sync up my blue tooth and I'll be good. SWEET..!
if you turn the screen brightness down/off auto i would expect to get more battery life out of the thing but 5 hours of internet browsing on﻿ wifi wouldnt make me complain thats great if you ask me...
I really like my Streak 7. You can't beat the powerful dual core cpu. The res could be better, but for a 7" tab, I'll deal with it. Did I mention 4G...Honeycomb update will be icing﻿ on the cake. Tell Mr Jobs that the 7" tab is alive and well.
Better than samsung galaxy tab 7" and 10'1 I love this Dell streak, android os is growing up litlle by litte.... Unfortunately when Dell streak came out mr jobs show to the world the iPad and people star getting crazy for that, but If you compare the hardware is almost the same, before to pay $ 600 buck just for the iPad 16gb with not sd card expandable I﻿ pay in the $ Dell streak 7 $100 or 200 bucks less. What do you think.
better than streak 5 ﻿
Got this today for my﻿ birthday :) its quite nice
I just ordered mine to me﻿ the resolution is awesome not doesn't really have that washed out look like the HTC Flyer even though that has better battery life
capacitive simply needs to be touched to﻿ respond...resistive needs to be pressed like the old school pdas that had styluses...capacivite is MUCH better
Correction at 1:32. That's not just a stereo jack. That's a stereo and mic jack. Which is very important to note that an extension microphone can be used. I use it to capture and analyze sounds, and the streak coupled with an external microphone run very good with eachother! You'll have to use the jack that has 4 contacts on it. You can find these for some camera's, Canon does produce these for a number of their camera's. Just something that I think﻿ some users would want.
i found a great deal for this device if you live in the UK it is £99 at PC world as of 26th December 2011. I don't know how long this will last though :P i﻿ think im going to get one!
Well I'm excited I﻿ got this om ebay used for 175 not bad I'm gonna use it for YouTube mainly
Most of Acer's laptops don't have the best build quality (although the high end ones are alright) but their tablets (at least from what I've used of the A500) seem well built. Metal body and decent weight to it. Samsung's products though aren't something I'd always associate with quality, their phones for instance are oh so plasticy.﻿
good price﻿
"Whereas the Galaxy Tab 7 inch runs Android 2.2 Froyo..." "... 2.2 Froyo..." My only response was a shudder, seriously why is it even still being used for comparison, that thing was buggy and outdated when it﻿ was new. Honeycomb is the way to go.
I love the idea of a 7" Honeycomb tablet, but my goodness does that thing﻿ look awkward with the really narrow top and bottom bezel and huge side bezels. Not to mention the back that looks like the lid of a laptop from 2005. Really disappointed in Acer with this one.
7 inch is my preferred size. i had a galaxy tab 7 inch and now using an asus transformer but the 10.1 inch size is just too big for me. can't carry it always that is why 7 inch is﻿ better IMO, it is more portable and is easier to use and less hand strain.
The Acer Iconia Tab A100 is great, and is one of the best gadgets that I have ever bought. It is also the first Android device that I have ever used. For the past few months I wanted an Android Tablet. After doing some research on different Android Tablets I decided to get the Acer Iconia Tab A100 7in, and so far I am very happy with my purchase. I would definitely recommend the Acer Iconia Tab﻿ A100 to anyone that is looking for an Android Tablet that doesn't want a big/bulky 10.1in tablet.
Great tablet. Love the size but definitely not the battery though. But overall compact and great tablet on﻿ the go.
BlazingPenguinx - Yes basically the A100 had the same specs as﻿ the A500 just in small case with a smaller screen size and half the battery life. I have had the Acer Iconia A100 7in Tablet for just over 2 weeks now and it is a great little device. I really like it alot and use it everyday, and it is worth the price. So I would recommend it to anyone that wants a Tablet.
Thank you. Very good review. I appreciate you haven't compared it to Ipad. I hate to hear about Ipad in﻿ all this reviews. It looks like a great tablet! Google rocks!
The Kindle app works perfectly on my A100. I was actually just reading on it now before going on youtube, also from my A100. I love this tablet so far, 3 weeks into ownership. Though the stereo speakers both being on the same side when watching video﻿ is just plain weird.
The Iconia A100 is a smaller and more pocketable tablet. It should be able to handle what you need to do. You will need to get a keyboard for it. It comes with﻿ MS Office Viewer, you can upgrade to full version. If you need a bigger screen, check out our reviews of other tablets.
I tried out both at best buy today. the Galaxy tab was kindof Laggy and hard to navigate around (I am new when it comes to android) and overall it was slightly larger than i thought. the a100 on the otherhand blew my socks off. VERY smooth and﻿ easy to navigate, because of the honeycomb system. it had very nice Live backrounds, to. I cant wait to get my a100.
what? 1GB ram??? AWW MAN I THOUGHT IT WAS﻿ 512M!!!
I got mine last night for 189 at best buy and I'm loving it!!!!!!! I was choosing between this a blackberry tab and a﻿ ps3 but I can bet this was worth it more. Android operating is Bette than the blackberry operating
Hey Lisa, i posted earlier abt buying 2 of them after watching your review. I got 2 of them BUT Please add to your review about how BAD the microphone is on this. I am returning both. The mic quality is just unacceptable. I bought these as gifts to my parents so that they could skype﻿ with family. The basic requirement is not met here. Figured this is a widespread problem Otherwise its a good tab
to any﻿ one who's thinking about getting this tab its fucking amazing I just got it nd love it!!! its the fastest tab IV used.
anyone thinking of getting this tab it's deff one of the﻿ best tabs nd for 300 bucks you can't go wrong got it today and love it!!
I bought one of these tonight but I'm gonna return it tomorrow. I like it, but the battery life absolutely sucks and and the viewing angles render it unusable. I use my tablets in portrait mode 95% of the time & the way the backlight is set up makes the right side of﻿ the screen noticeably dimmer than the left unless I hold it at a certain angle in landscape mode. I start to get eyestrain after about 5 minutes, and that's a major dealbreaker for me. Pity, this is such a nice tablet otherwise :/
Good luck finding this right now. I﻿ got the last one in WA state a couple days ago, and was extremely lucky for them to even find the one they were supposed to have. Bought it right before four other people looking for the exact same thing. It's a great budget tablet with some beefy tier one features, look forward to using it for a long time.
don't﻿ think that it's worse than any ipad. it' just different 7" pad. so this is better in a way that you can hold it and type/chat with no problem, You can't do this comfortably for long time with ipad.
defineltly the acer. i was going to get the playbook but after research the acer was way better.﻿
i have this exact one and its legit for music and videos and games. browser isnt bad either. the youtube downloader app paired with﻿ the file download app allows u to download any vid off youtube to the tablet. .
@spraypainters4mud this bcause the screen is way better﻿
I got my Acer﻿ a100 a week ago and its sweet..
i like the idea of the vizio. i will wait for the 2nd gen vizio tablet because the current one is just trash. get the iconia a100. acer knows what they are doing.. plus the tegra 2 puts it way above the vizio and the streak. dell is just trash﻿ in general. i just ordered my iconia from walmart for 249$
a100 by far﻿
just got myne i enjoy it so far but trying to close the items on the left (the 3 button on the bottom) I cant seem to figure it﻿ out
I BOUGHT THIS TABLET LESS THAN 15 DAYS AGO AND IT IS AMAZING!! I purchased it at walmart for just $270 with taxes "out the door". Works flawlessly! There was an issue with the youtube videos but the update youtube app released fixed it and it works great. The issue was with the youtube app not the tablet. The flash is very very bright btw. and the front camera is﻿ a 3.0 mp and the back is a 5.0mp. Batter than my Ipad2!
The good nrews is connection to Computer Via USB cable is easy The bad﻿ news is. playing games that is pre-installed got bugs like force stop working. so dose the internet explore dose the same thing. I checked for firware update. there is none I cannot use apps that is pre-installed and it stops working. No resion why. it simply stops. No tech support eather. Not worth it
This tablet is nice and fast thanks﻿ for your review I have this tablet!
k guyys I﻿ got this tablet a week ago and holy shrink it is thee best thing eeeeeeeever.
I would say so. My friend has one and he loves it. At school that is﻿ all he uses not even the macbooks they loan us. It is durable and can take some rough and tumble and if you use it right can last the whole day. I think it has some upgrades now but for the price yes it is
This model okay except for the lack of 3g. Perhaps I will wait for a couple of﻿ months before buying a tablet.
i have an a100 an i gotta say i did not like this review i CAN play 1080p videos on mine with no slowdown or choppyness using wat it came with!! an id like to ask why the videos shown ALWAYS seem like lowgrade cams from some guy in a theatre? the camera yur using for ur videos is pretty good so it shuld show video on other devices better ...unless they're not, also i was disapointed u didnt show the camers/video it can do as﻿ well as its long 6hr battery(games an movies) 14+ using net n apps
I'm loving your reviews Lisa! They are very detailed & covers the most important aspects :) Ok, regarding this tablet, how is the build quality & performance compared to Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.0 Plus? I've been seeing positive reviews, which is quite the opposite for me when it comes to Acer..﻿ Is there any particular advantage of this tablet? What I can see is, that it has a microUSB port rather than like Samsung which uses a proprietary port for file transfer. Can it be used for charging though?
I was about to bought the A500 but cant really afford it.﻿ So i bought the A100. But im soo happy to fing that its the most smoothest and stable amongst the A500 and even the A200
i use it alot wen im on the field lol its very durable an i bought it a month ago based on a friend n ur review 8D fits right in my side pocket.....Bluetooth is good﻿ but like always... can shorten batt life 8(
5 things i love about this tab: 1. very portable - i can carry with ease wherever i go 2. mine is with 3g so again, surfing is anytime and anywhere 3. very affordable 4. very good for daily use 5. it runs on honeycomb so﻿ you won't get left behind compared to other more expensive tabs out there peace!!!
Good tablet but rubbish﻿ review!!! This review is so bad ,it makes this tablet look like dog Sh@t!!!!
FINALLY﻿ AN ORIENTATION LOCK LOL
Guys this is﻿ a beatiful Tablet mine is currently running Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwhich, I love it every about it is awsome.
I have one it's a good tablet but i don't understand why there﻿ is 2 home touch buttons...
I have one it's a good﻿ tablet but i don't understand why there is 2 home touch buttons...
I installed this in my car. its dope.﻿
ime﻿ glad its 200$ now
140 today on ebay, pretty good buy at that price! On﻿ the deals page!!!
BUY THIS﻿ FROM BEST BUY!!!! ONLY 200$!!!!!!!!
I have this tablet . I like it﻿ :-)
I love this tablet :)﻿
i have that tab and it's﻿ awesome
i would recommend buying this one it's the same the app is﻿ both android and u can save money when u buy this one
Wow. Even after watching﻿ a movie on netflicks and some emails and social networking I still get about 8 hours!
Nexus 7 is way better then this tablet in every way, EXCEPT that Acer has a rear﻿ facing camera where Nexus 7 only has a webcam.
Nexus has no SD so makes this﻿ 1000x better for me!
I have this tablet and the battery life is really amazing It can go about 2 1/2 days without being charged and yes it does have a Netflix app﻿
This tablet is pretty amazing it is very fast and﻿ responsive and very good at multitasking. 5 stars :-)
I hear this thing﻿ is amazing... was guna mount it in my car Picking one up soon i think
Hmm, i never trusted moterola, but anyway really nice review,﻿ technical problems are kinda.. wierd though, It seems good overall though.
hmm i guess but it is one of the best﻿ tablets out there
One thing that sets the iPad apart from other tablets is that it just works. Androids give﻿ you more functionality, but often apps don't work right.
works on all youtube i do believe...and it has flash so you can watch stuff on say justintv,﻿ side reel, and tvlinks That for me was the BIG selling point Ordered mine today.....
Ever since live backgrounds first came out, they make all android phones they run on slow down just the tiniest bit at times. Its not the end of the world, but its taking up CPU time to render and will reduce performance and battery life. This applies to all android phones and tablets. Despite this, the Xoom and Iconia and Transformer tablets are wonderful kick butt tablets. I would rather﻿ have one than any product from Cupertino.
Need a new review. Motorola Xoom has ICS now! much﻿ better!
i think this is better than galaxy tab 7 plus...please do a﻿ comparison between them.
im totally amazed at how great Huawei have turned out to be this tablet looks amazing.Their two smartphones the vision and the honor look great aswell starting to﻿ really like their products and how well made they are
 <3﻿
Definitely amazing tablet ,what is the Android competitor ?﻿
Asus Transformer Prime beats the New iPad in every department , except﻿ screen resolution. It's also a more versatile device with the chiclet keyboard. Retina display ( you must have eagle eyesight to notice the difference ) 5MP camera , come on Apple , it's 2012. No standard USB port Heavier and thicker than iPad 2 No Flash support in the web browser Same CPU as the iPad 2 , "New" iPad should mean "faster" iPad before anything else. I don't know what Apple's trying to achieve here.
I have the Transformer and a new iPad - I agree with you on some points but not others. You definitely don't need 'eagle eyesight' to see the difference, it is clear as day. I still have to double tap to zoom on my transformer, and text and images don't look anywhere as sharp. My biggest issue with my transformer is that the tablet apps are rubbish. Phone apps on Android are amazing, but the tablet ones are severely lacking. Transformer is lighter which is nice,﻿ but overall the ipad is better
I think that's perhaps more to do with Dave's age/eyesight. I'm 23 and can easily see the difference, although I hear there's a 1920x1200 transformer prime coming out soon which should be good. Overall both are very good﻿ tablets, I'd say these two and the Galaxy Tab 7.7 are the three best tablets today
I like this video, I﻿ like the new iPad & I like your reviews! Thanks for the wonderful work :)
Watching this video on the new﻿ iPad, and it's so cool. :-)
Nice review! Isnt it "stuttering" a bit more than the iPad2 when navigating e.g. the picture album? Looked that way when i﻿ did a quick comparison the other day. Amazingly sharp screen though!
The iPad 3 is good and the camera is﻿ awesome
Looks awesome! . But, is there a jailbreak﻿ for it, yet?
Watching this on an iPad 2 makes me feel﻿ sick ;( LOL
I think people seem to be overlooking the point when they say it's not﻿ worth the upgrade. A tablet is "all about the screen" so when you get such a massive difference in the screen you get a much better device. I can tell you that this is well worth the upgrade
lol﻿ i feel that my ipad 2 gets warmer then my ipad 3 lol i know i might get some abuse for this comment
It's an﻿ awesome iPad
ipads are ok there a good gadget to have alongside a regular computer.﻿
that dosent make a lot of sence because there's rumours that apple will make another ipad in 2014 because the 3 is so good!﻿
I got mine on my birthday last week!! I love it soo much! Plus people who want to clean their screen, just get any glass cleaner, spray it on the﻿ iPad and wipe it with a paper towel then wipe again with a microfiber, it works! ;)
What a magnificent device. I am a graphic designer﻿ living in NY, and i depend on my iPad for working out of the office. AT&T's 4G LTE keeps me connected to the world wherever i go.
My white ipad looks﻿ very nice and expensive:-)
Found﻿ you by Googling "4G LTE" and "AT&T" and I'm in the same place you are; it is a great device. I'm a designer in San Francisco and I LOVE this thing!
@TheRose1346 get an ipad. It will do the job of the macbook and still be portable. As for a proper computer, I suggest you﻿ check out the HP Envy 23... It is mire affordable than the macbook, is more useful, has windows 8 and a 23 inch multitouch screen. Go for the ipad and a windows 8 touch pc :)
I'm actually liking this tablet. Only things people might not like is the thickness and smaller screen. Other﻿ than that it's a well made tablet.
sony makes the screens for the ipad so they're pretty good and they don't have commercials so most people don't know its coming out just like the htc jetstream and the thinkpad atblet samsung was publicized very well and because apple sued them in other﻿ countries it has been one of two tablets that have had commercials
well﻿ there phones and cameras are well built not so much the vaio computers but sony are getting better and better
My second favorite of all tablets, my favorite on Android﻿ tablets
Looks good but the only thing i dont﻿ like is the shape of it,
It is a huge mistake pricing this the same as iPad 2. I like this tablet but I LOVE my iPad﻿ 2!!!!
I have that tablet and i change for the samsung 10.1. This tablet is good but i have to say that the samsung is way better. Sony has a boring software, the samsung is more colerfull and simple but a little bit childish, the design of the samsung is way better (thiner lighter and﻿ more versatile), the samsung screen is better, the battery and the speakers but the sony has sd card reader and usb! In my opinion the samsung is better in general!
I love this tablet!﻿ Besides it's awesome ergonomic design, I'm able to enjoy more of the 'basic' uses for tablet: internet browsing, movie watching and type up my blog. It's folded newspaper design feels more natural when I type on it...as opposed to apple pad or samsung. Contrary to what other tablets' marketers 'comment' on here, Sony's UI is very, VERY intuitive. And I can "expand" the memory by inserting my 64gb SD =)
I tried both on Android 3.1 and Galaxy Tab 10.1 kinda lagged and yes the screen﻿ on Galaxy is more colourful but the Sony S can get deeper blacks which makes the screen alot nicer, Samsung have changed most of the Honeycomb UI which is ugh, Sony has kept it stock Android. I thought the Sony Tablet S looked like a big fail but when I tried it out, OMG it fucking gorgous, dual speakers, the screen is soo smooth and nice UI. I love it.
i have one of these and it arwsome.﻿
it does the job.....﻿
it is not that we hate apple, it is just not﻿ everyone is a sheep, and not everyone is willing to follow.
I LOVE﻿ SONY VERY VERY MUCH
@UncleMarioBoss @UncleMarioBoss I agree - it should be lightweight aluminium, 10.1 inch screen, the top part should be a full﻿ on surround sound speaker housing for awesome sound and it should have a great sony camera plus microphone. Should also come in 64G. Does look nice though.
It HAS an HD﻿ camera,the newest android has a way more advanced home screen than the iOS and it is more powerful, since the ipad ids underclocked to 900mhz to save battery life
Man i regret﻿ ever buying my iPad 2
PS3 is not ugly retard who thinks﻿ he knows best. FUCK YOU!
Yah I played with it yesterday﻿ @India Sony Tablet launch and I was pretty Impressed with the quality and design. Though body could be little better but I guess they used plastic to keep the weight light...
Do you deliberately avoid going for market leaders? I'd love to see how many examples there are of you actually following. This tablet is great, so get it if you like it, I know I'm tempted. It's just incredibly petty to be all like "I'm not going to follow everyone like sheep" because you're﻿ just doing the same thing, albeit with another company. Apple was like this with macs - people were like "Think different" and just followed others as it seemed cool. That's all.
I'd give the iPad 2 a try mainly because in most countries Apple will let you return it within 14 days (even if opened) so you can give it a try. If it's not for you then you should definitely consider this tablet.﻿ It's probably my favourite of all android tablets.
the greatest tablet overall is the ipad 2 theres no doubt but it all comes down to what you need and what you need it for, for me the main difference between the ipad and the sony tablet is that the ipad is more entertaining, it has a lot of apps and lots of﻿ stuff to do and the sony seems to be more professional like for work or school and stuff like that, thats what i think
Welcome to Android. This is definitely one of the better devices which is sort﻿ of sad in a way. This is the biggest issue that prevents me from buying an Android tablet. They're great on paper but when you pick one up and try it you sort of wonder where all the awesome power is actually going. I don't care about new snazzy features, just give me a tablet that works smoothly. Hence, the iPad. People who disagree, show me an android tablet running 3.0 as smooth as the iPad runs iOS.
Im glad﻿ I bought this. Wtf do i need an ipad for if i have an iphone.
Apple sucks,﻿ go Sony!
If either company "sucks" it would have to be Sony. Just have a look at their trade history for the past﻿ decade. In key areas like their TV range they've been losing money whereas Apple has been seeing good growth. It's silly to say either company sucks, though, I quite like both and hope they stay around for a long time.
The Transformer Prime has some amazing specs which is really attracting me, you should check it out. But i like the design of the Sony S and i like how it's PlayStation certified.﻿
@infinitesporkag sorry to say but I really don't like apple,﻿ I am supporting android;)
yes ofcourse, i think steve jobs is a Genius making the iphone and ipad etc, i do not like his desings he made, i think everyone prefer for the device he likes, but i think that the android devices﻿ are much better.
I love this tablet, I bought one for my Birthday in September and it's﻿ amazing. I love how I can hook up a PS3 controller for it, the screens great, PS1 games are awesome, holding it feels better than any other tablet on the market. Also the Social Feed Reader is pretty sweet and as well as the remote control apps. The browser is super quick too. I highly recommend this to people who aren't sure about what tab they should get it, it's design is great as well.
damnnnn﻿ its really nice gadget
Different than any tablet... The best tablet ever!!﻿
how much﻿ does this beuty cost??
I've had the Sony Tablet S for a while now. Loaded a bunch﻿ of Android apps on it, they all work. Uses SD card, which is a plus in my opinion. Problem? The antenna's range is quite limited. Meanwhile, the iPad's I've used from work connect to any open WiFi signal we need. I WILL be heading to the store for the iPad 3 when it comes out.
I have this tablet! and I think its much better than the﻿ samsung overrated shit
even i m going to buy﻿ , android market have both paid and free apps , but i it is the best tablet i have even seen bcz of its unique features like PSP certified etc , and no one can beat SONY in customizing interfaces
I have﻿ it im using it rigggghhhhttttttttttt now its awsome
:D... That's nice. I want﻿ to get it!! :D
I love love love SONY.BUT THIS THING IS FUGLY .BAD﻿ SONY BAD.....
I just got this for 350 from Best Buy. It has flash, USB, SD, infrared etc... I also﻿ prefer Android over iOS. iPad 3 is 150 dollars more expensive, has no USB, SD, infrared and it can't even play flash!!! that extra power is useless when it can't do shit. even if they were the same price, I would still buy this
The lag on this device is way better than the Samsung Galaxy 8.9. It has almost﻿ the same specs and it lags on the home screen!
That tablet is﻿ amazing
ive had this tablet since christmass, I love it, I use it all the time, and I cannot say how many times ive dropped it, I evan once﻿ drooped it on pavement from a good hieght and nosscratches
Ipad cant survive :) Any﻿ other device can :)
It does not support 3G. But it is a very nice tablet. Very fast Internet﻿ browsing and many other things you can do on it.
sony tablet owns microsoft surface﻿ :D
I love Sony products but hate Android OS. Do you have any information about a Sony Windows﻿ tablet??
I am looking to get a tablet for﻿ Christmas this year but I am unsure bout what one I should get. My parents dont want to get one the same price as an Ipad for that would be too expensive. After doing research on the Sony Tablet S, I think this is the best one but Does it do Android Market?
Even if the﻿ Tablet is getting old its still fast :D
I purchased this yesterday for 300$ (new) from cnet. Will I like it? It'll be my﻿ 1st tab
That was a﻿ pretty good review. Today the tablet is on Woot.com for only 269 for the 32GB version, incluiding a dock base! Sounds sweet, and you can upgrade to Android 4.0 ICS.
I got it from﻿ woot, it's a steal at that price!
Posted two days ago and already two hundred thousand views!? Nice tablet but not sure if I will get it.﻿ Thanks for the review! CANADA!
sony﻿ rules
Its very light and quite comfortable to hold but Im sorry as for user friendly I have to hand it to﻿ the ipad, this thing is a little hard to get the hang of unless your very familiar with android (Which Im not) Apple navigation is much more user friendly
I was only sharing my opinion, I actually have one of these tablets and my sister has the ipad. To be honest the ipad is﻿ easier for lamens like me to work, if people are familiar with android by all means this is a great product
pwns ipad﻿ and rapes its dead body
WORTH﻿ THE LONG WAIT!!!
finally...this is what﻿ a tablet should be
This is what I call an tablet. It pay off my wait for not buying an iPad.﻿ Cope that apple !!!!!
TAXI FOR﻿ IPAD!
I hope that I can try one out and see if I'll trade in my iPad for this beauty.﻿
Looks really nice.﻿ Better than Ipad and Samsung Galaxy Tab :)
Amazing advertising. I'm going to see what HTC brings to the tablet market. Between this and﻿ the Blackberry Playbook, tablets are looking real good.
I sad about a month ago to a friend of my "I would never want a tablet, i cant find a use for a ipad in my life" Well i cant find a use for IPAD but for this i﻿ can... -I WANT ONE- If dont manage to get a 3DS until next april i may get one of those hdausdha
Amazing. Dual Core FTW, Flash, Can't﻿ wait to purchase
it sure﻿ looks great, does anyone know what the song is, it sure sounds like blink.
hhhhhhhh kick﻿ ipad ass
look nice, but﻿ i have already enjoyed most of the features ((on the ipad) ) ^,^ and its been out a months ago now ^,^ love my Ipad ^..^
Finally a tablet﻿ that could replace a laptop....
it will blow even ipad 2 away:)) nice﻿ add btw. Better than the crap apple gives us every year
I can agree with that. They had their time to dominate the mainstream market, but now google is taking over with Android. Apple's time in the sun is slowly coming to a close. Sure, there are always going to be people that want an iPhone, but numbers﻿ don't lie in terms of sales. In under 2 years, google has grown exponentially. Faster than apple's growth rate in about 4 years by a longshot. Google will continue to grow while apple continues to make the same stale OS.
You are misinterpreting what I am saying. I said in my first comment, that apple has created a very successful brand. They started the first successful touchscreen phone with a fluid OS when the windows mobile touchscreen phones weren't cutting it. I will gladly admit fact. However, the other fact is that google is doing extremely well with their operating systems, and can﻿ do what an iphone can do, and much more. Without google, apple wouldn't be stressing out on what to do next
Because it's the next big thing, and apple is threatened by it. If they do don't do anything big for the next iphone, then their sales will suffer greatly. Android phones in development are becoming more advanced, like having 4G support, dual core processors, and﻿ many other features that apple has apple has never touched. Google is always one step ahead, because they will keep innovating. Apple claims they innovate with their latest stuff, but really, they haven't.
And whos to say appla won't start innovating?...I agree that google is ahead but what will happen﻿ when apple catches up?...answer that question Mr.sales rep of cellular devices. if apple can innovate with first touch screen phone that really caught on they can take further steps to win.
About the ipad, that is a poor excuse of a device. Yes, it may be the hottest thing out there right now, but all it is, is just a ipod touch 3x times the size. There was hardly any thought put into it. With the new rush of other tablets coming﻿ out, like the xoom, it will pummel the ipad to the ground. At least google didn't have their heads up their asses and create something that is already so similar to previous products. They are continuing to grow exponentially.
Yeah, but they can't win when google is a much bigger portion of the market share. It's all about numbers. Look at how many manufacturers google has to support their OS. HUGE names, like Motorola, HTC, and Samsung to name a few. Point being, apple will not beat the sales in the future when android continues to grow. Yes, apple does sell more, because it belongs﻿ to the mainstream market AKA, the uninformed customer who knows nothing of technology. but eventually, people want more
and that's what android provides. Being in the sales field for a long time gives me that impression. People will want an operating system that is less restricting and confining, and has the ability to customize without limits. That is the beauty of android. You can make android what you want it to be, instead of following the bandwagon and getting what everyone else is getting. That would just﻿ make you a sheep at that point. A follower, and an uninformed customer at that.
watching this video is the cause of steve jobs illness....all apple has to﻿ do is put flash on the ipad and they are back in the game.......i want an ipad but i wana watch my tv programs on the go so... the better choice would be an android tablet or a playbook....no flash = FAIL
I would say about 60%. Its got 4G, two cameras, flash, bigger screen, an open os designed for the thing instead of a botched iphone﻿ OS, i could go on.
Not saying﻿ i wouldn´t buy one, it`s cheaper and it has better features than the Ipad.
Well, we do have something in common to an extent. I do software development on the side, but I do sales for a career. Most﻿ of my comments have been based on what I have seen throughout my career. I am more than willing to agree with you that apple stocks are higher than google, because of their huge profit margins for charging ridiculous prices on all products. I agree that even packaging can sway somebody. with iPhone alone, people will want more as i have seen it many times.
I will have to say that this tablet﻿ is insane good! I have a ipad and i love it but this thing is going to be a hit!
Not just removing the battery, but no expandable memory, no flash, and no creative UI. I HATE Apple for the same reasons you do. I am an open source kind of guy. I understand that﻿ Apple makes their products for the "ease of use" motive, and they have succeeded. But, as said before, people will want more. Once people see what Android can do, they will never go back.
After this, you wont want the iPad. 2 CPU cores vs ONE, 16:9 aspect vs 4:3, 2 cameras vs NONE, 1gig of memory vs 256mb, USB, HDMI, SD vs NONE, open source vs tight control over﻿ how I use MY Device, flash support vs NONE, many devices to choose from vs ONE.
widgets, usb, freedom, multiple homescreens (homescreens in general). I think there﻿ is much more to android than just flash.
Do you know how slow and unresponsive a jailbroken apple product is? When I put infinidock (and only infinidock on my ipod﻿ touch 4g it crashed and went into safe mode. I removed it from cydia and fixed it, then I put in a widget package and it slowed it beyond comprehension. I'd rather get an android product then deal with that crap. anyways Idc what you use. Im a fandroid sorta, unless apple gets a software update.
This is so﻿ much better than the iPad!!!
Screw the xoom! I want that touch table from the beginning of﻿ the video!!!!
WOW! WOW! WOW! How﻿ I wish I can grab the Honeycomb tablet out from my old PC screen!
Wow﻿ I can smell the end of apple
i LOVEE THE IPAD 2 but this looks better, i swear if it was the same price $499 i would buy it, damn you motorola﻿ money faggots
I was goin' to get the Ipad 2 on March 11th but this Motorola Xoom is too good to ignore. Now I'm on the fence about which tablet to get. I've read numerous articles comparing the Ipad 2 to the Xoom and the Xoom wins everytime. As of right now,﻿ I'm leaning towards the Xoom.
awesome, but﻿ overpriced
pre-order price is £499.99 here in UK which is going to be﻿ released in April. I might get it for around £450 from other e-tailers. It isn't bad considering Glaxy 7" tab for £399.99
I was going﻿ to buy Samsung Galaxy 2 but this is too good.
I think this is﻿ the best.
I got rid of my iPad as without jailbreaking it its pretty crap. Really want the Xoom, love﻿ the android software how open it is. Either that or wait for a 3.0 custom rom for my desire HD :D
I had a go on one of these today. Was full on epic! Even the apple rep in my store, she said that the ipad2 will sell more just because of the brand(of course), but tech-wise the zoom was far better. The interface on honeycomb is awesome, with multiple widget icons, TRUE multitasking, newly designed youtube function (looks awesome and fun to use), Flash, usb and hdmi connectivity and a hd camera and so much﻿ more. EPIC
Xoom looks good but who cares, i have a 64gig 3g ipad and im only 14﻿ yersa old so....
You have no idea what 'tech' the Xoom actually has or how it compares in any way to﻿ the iPad 2. Obvious fanboy is obvious.
sht i want to﻿ troll at the ipad 2 but tey disabled comment on the ipad 2 video ugghhh.. but anyway i love this tablet :)
i want﻿ it
0:30 "i want to know my tablet won't be obsolete overnight" isn't that common with android﻿ devices
love how this thing looks like and perform but i would like to know it if you can use tablets for office-like apps for college duties. i already bought an Macbook Air (expensive) cause i fall in love when i saw it. But i think that the size of tablets are more comfortable to carrying around no matter if you are﻿ sit or walking. So, do you guys know if you can use it for college or office...? thanks!!!
apple can't compete with android﻿ :D
im loving﻿ my xoom !
android is an opensource project, so the evolution of the OS go's much faster than apple because there are like 6 companies working with android and one with IOS. Also,﻿ the inovation of google is much bigger. They really adjust things with their new software, the ipad is just a large version of the ipod,it sucks.
Jajajaja... Yeah? Then, continue enjoying your 512MB of ram on﻿ your ipad2! xD
1) I don't care about ipad users 2) Google releases every year 2 or 3 new Android systems﻿ and at least 10 updates. The android tablets really get extra stuff with new things, the Ipad 2 is just a slightly better and lighter version than the first one. And like 10 android tablets are releasing upcoming months, most of them are way better than the ipad. 3) I never had any problem with my android phones, Google checks the android market every day so there can't come any virus in.
Take that,﻿ Apple
i dont like the price and thickness but i like more the xoom than﻿ the ipad 2 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! apple pffff jaja
this one for sure﻿ ! blackberry playbook is slower....
Xoom kicks ass﻿
I just got this like﻿ four days ago and I love it!
honeycomb 3.1 + root + overclock @ 1.6﻿ GHz = da shit! yeah you heard me motorola, i voided my warranty..........
i want﻿ one!!
I have this and an iPad 2. I gotta say the xoom outperforms the iPad any day﻿ of the week
not﻿ that its not cool but apple is wayyyy better, but i wud buy the table
honeycomb is the best﻿
my aunt has one so amazing i love﻿ it
YES it's best Tablet﻿ with prefect smooth playback
its impossible to play fps games on﻿ that screen but overall its not bad tablet...
So, to recap - I just watched a commercial displaying a really cool product, that is displaying sappy tag-lines for a product that is not at all as good. Yeah, seems﻿ legit...
the first Motorola phone I've ever owned was the T120 operating on a TDMA network. I was 17 years old thereabout and ever since then I've just fallen in love with Motorola.Ever since that I've own strictly motorola handsets.. my latest, The Motorola DROID 2 Global. FUCK apple iphones and blackberries and all those other fuckin﻿ piece of SHIT. MOTOROLA RULES. period. MOTO 4 LIFE!
this was a great﻿ iPad alternative back then, but now it just looks like a huge piece of slow junk. wooooooooooow......
I liked this tablet and ordered it ,but I cant understand. It is so easy to install the market why do you sell it with AppsLib? Very good value for money can we wait for a﻿ official Android 2.3 release by you? Thank you in advance!
yesssssssssssss! im so glad the best tech reviewer in﻿ the world reviewed the best tablet in the world!
i love this tablet such a cost- effective﻿ device
I think i like this tablet even more as the motorola xoom or galaxy tab 10.1, becasue of price and docking capabilities, and then you have usb. also because of the sd card slot. i see myself buying a 16 gig version and stick in an sd card for less then 100 bucks. XD only thing is that i like the looks of the motorola xoom and galaxy tab 10.1 more. and they may be a﻿ little faster.
Thanks, I love this revieuw This is the﻿ best tablet until now i think.
The back﻿ is plastic... and it looks awesome. People, get over the fact that its plastic. It's just plastic, guys. It's just plastic.
I really﻿ want this tablet. Best tablet hands down!! Only problem is availability. Where can I get one and how long will it take?
so glad u finally got a hand on it. It's the best Android tablet on the market so﻿ far.
You always provide the best reviews! Though I will say I wish you gave a better viewing angle of the screen. I'm looking to pick one of these up in July﻿ along with the keyboard dock. But I'm a bit conflicted, I'd hate to buy one of these and then the new and improved version comes out a couple months later @ the same price point. But the Remote desktop feature looks killer and I need it! Else I would get the Galaxy Tab 10.1
That display is﻿ beautiful. I want that wallpaper on my EVO :)
the tablet is way better than the ipad 2 ﻿
Fr Malaysia.﻿ Already got it. It's really good.
well, first of all. The tablet has more advances technology to it. Its faster and well build, like the other hand ipad 2 is for entertainment and for youtube searching. Both are good, but the tablet has more stuff to it. well, these are my﻿ opinion, i don't know about you.
If you are going to be reading﻿ PDFs with complex layout like technical manuals, then I would pick the Transformer. If you are reading novels in PDF format and need bookmarking feature, then I'd pick Kindle DX.
Thanks for your reply...helps a lot. I actually read some scientific articles in PDF format,﻿ usually 40-50 pages each. may be I have to go for the transformer, though the screen glare is always an issue with normal LCD SCREENS.
Not only is this tablet the most affordable on the market, but in my humble opinion, is easily the best android tablet *on* the market. Sad that competition charges 100's﻿ more for less. Good going Asus.
this has more functionality (keyboard dock etc) but the galaxy tab is thinner,﻿ apparently has a better screen and is generally more portable.
@Cssguy911 1280x800 is more than slightly better I would say, especially on a screen of near the same size, the iPad 2﻿ has more vibrant colours but the Transformer has a more natural look.
I﻿ would probably do that instead I was just wondering how capable and versatile the eee pad is
works fine with my 1tb hard drive via usb, and﻿ usb straight through from hard drive to USB stick for moving files, since 3.2 update, tablet only is slightly behind ipad 2 for fluidity, but way better for overall usage, I use as a netbook for productivity, and a tablet for couch surfing etc.
First review I've seen with the remote desktop feature. Good﻿ review, very detailed. Also love ASUS. Very innovative, and I look forward to the Padphone.
this is an﻿ amazing device but i think the eee pad slider is slightly better
Asus transformer is so﻿ cool
I bought three of the﻿ Asus Transformers. Taking one back after the other. Everyone of them suffered from Backlight Light bleed. They perform better than all the android tablets. But the build quality on these things absolutely suck.
the Asus,﻿ by far...
Hey, I've been looking through your tablet reviews, and I have a question. I am a student that is tired of lugging around huge wads of papers to my lectures, and I am now looking for a solid tablet with pen-input capabilities for taking notes, writing comments in PDF-files and such nonsense.. I think that the EEE slate or the Lenovo android tab could wrok, but they seem a bit pricey. Do you have any other recommendations that﻿ could "fit the bill"?
Yeah I did like what I saw, except the 7" screen. This is way too small for any kind of serious notetaking. I'm not too keen on the HTC sense system either.. As i feel it will never reach the potential of apps that I need. I'm a masters degree student, so I'd like to be able to run some more serious functions on it as well... Oh well, I﻿ guess I'll just wait for the Lenovo tab to drop in price a bit.. =(
Nice review...you know I bought it based on your review and I like it alot! I am actually typing on it now :)And I am curios about what you do with all the tuff you have you could﻿ atually do giveaways :)
I﻿ own the Iconia and my lil bro has the Eee Pad, Hands down, ill give the Eee pad the winner.
Great job on the review!!! You covered every detail if not almost every detail. This is by far the best review I have seen on tablets. You showed substantial areas of the Asus that made﻿ me happy for purchasing it. You went at the right pace and covered the aspects of the tablet really well. I'm subscribing.
Audio quality through the speakers﻿ isn't impressive, but great via headphones.
The Transformer is cheaper, but if you want the﻿ latest and greatest, wait for our review of the Prime.
Originally ordered the Toshiba Tab,﻿ but decided to cancel the order and get this one instead based off of your review, and It ROCKS! so glad i decided to switch.
I bought one end of Oct. 2011. After 5 days of standard use, it started resetting at random times. Technical support in Israel gave an unprofessional handling. I regret this purchase, though it has a cool user interface. Don't buy if you live﻿ in Israel.
You just﻿ sold me on this product with that pc stream feature... amazing.
For all who are debating on the prime: From what it seems, If you want a 3G/4G service, wait for the prime. If your mainly going to use your tablet at home﻿ or through tethering via mobilehotspot, go with the transformer.
Hey Lisa. I just realized that this was one of the reviews﻿ that convinced me to buy the transformer. Even better, I realized I bought that very tablet from you over craigslist. just wanted to let you know it still works great! keep up the great reviews!
Great to hear you're enjoying the tablet!! Thanks for﻿ letting me know. :)
hey you should﻿ get transformer
Thank you soooooo much Lucy for this review. I bought it and I'm really happy so far. Keep it up﻿ :D
get the Asus Transformer prime...the king﻿ of android tablet
ihave the transformer 1 and its the best tablet i ever used and the battery last a long time﻿ and has great graphics forgames HD inbox me if you want to know more
iLove my Transformer and dock﻿
let me just say that i really enjoy watching your reviews..﻿ i mean i can really understand what your saying unlike others who seems like their speaking mandarin or sanskrit... ^_^ and im probably gonna buy asus transformer cause its the cheapest here in the philippines, its 22,000 pesos which is around 520 USD... sorry for my horrible english... ^_^
yay just Got myself one and I love﻿ it
The﻿ biggest selling point for me is the keyboard and from about 10 videos I've seen no one has used it or don't have it!
I have it, It's feels and functions great. Plus once connected it's an extra usb port and an extended battery. BUT I barely use it. #1) It weights as much at the tablet itself so you're transporting more weight. #2) The battery in tablet last long enough for my purposes. #3) There are some awesome keyboard apps that will have you typing on screen just as fast if not﻿ faster than with the keyboard. Regardless, pick up one of these. You wont regret it. This thing is a beast.
so many people returned this tablet for defectiveness..asus cheaped out in the back as well with a plastic case.. it has such good specs.. i rather pay 50 bucks extra for a stronger﻿ model
she made me buy﻿ this tablet and i love it!
Without trying either tablet I would say the transformer over the transformer prime because of your price range. If you were willing to go a little over, to say around $700 I would go with the prime with a keyboard due to better hardware specs. Personally I am getting the transformer﻿ because I'm cheap!
responding on this tablet I have to say that I really love it.﻿ got mine for $300 and its a 32 gig! thank you so much for doing this to help me with the decision to buy this tablet.
Nexus 7﻿ typically lasts 9.5 hours, ups... ;)))
Not too shabby. Thinking about getting myself one﻿ of these!
@ayazhassan32 the tab has adobe flash frn n bck cam with led flash. What﻿ the iPad have?? None of the above.however I think that the playbook will win.
Applications don't really matter...but if you want to talk about apps﻿ then Android market is full of useful apps and wonderful games.....and Android is much faster than the iOS....iPad can never ever beat the Samsung Galaxy Tab...
Dude has the screen brightness turned down. This thing is way brighter﻿ than this video suggests. He must work for a competitor. This tablet is getting great reviews from folks who know what they are buying.
just bought my Thrive, I'm loving it! closest thing you'll get to a﻿ laptop!
yes, you are the first one to get it right and﻿ so i just payed you $478.99 for a 16g. i will buy more from you later on if your customer service can be more or less how steam is. when there is something wrong you fixs it and then ask "what else?". this and only this will make me happy and make me vote/buy your cool thing.
I love my iPad, but it isn't thick enough and doesn't have enough ports I will never use. I think I'll﻿ get this.
This looks﻿ very inovated version with ports encloded with it, I'll buy one.
I love my 10" Thrive , please give us a update ﻿ to Android 4.0 ICS soon. :)
WTF ?!? LOOK AT THE QUALITY﻿ OF THE GAME ... WOW
Looks like﻿ the perfect tablet for me! a shame that I own a friggin iPad :S
love HTC Scribe, that's a good idea﻿ :]
this comment﻿ is big shit. Only Fanboys like you can not admit that THIS is a true Tablet PC :P
Should have waited and gotten this shit, my honeycomb xoom is full of bugs arghs﻿ dammit
HTC Flyer is really something. I might as well forget the iPad 2﻿ for this baby!
It's﻿ just beautiful. Apple and Blackberry will have a strong competitor!
This thing is absolutely going to﻿ steal the enterprise market.
This thing is absolutely going to steal the enterprise/corporate market.﻿
The price is quite different, but in all honesty this﻿ is so much more worth it, faster processor and better specs, plus it has onlive and saffron, which is amazing.
well, its HTC so it must﻿ be briliant
Apple never gets killed. As long as Steve Jobs is alive, Apple can go on and be a strong competitor﻿ no matter the limitations the products have. The iPad was a success, it is undeniable. This year tablets are gaining popularity. And as an Apple fan, I must say, this Tablet is really something. The gaming, the multi tasking, the recordings, the pen. All those are great, but then again Apple is always a fierce competitor. Plus the touch on Flyer is horrible -__- boo 1.5gH proces
Apple﻿ may "fail" to you. It will ALWAYS be a fierce competitor. An as an Apple fan, I recognize that this tablet is really something. The Flash, the pen, the recording, the gaming. All those are amazing. Yeah Apple, may lack USB ports, HDMI, and Flash and the fact they sell everything. Yeah that sucks, but hey that doesn't keep anybody from buying? Apple doesn't fail, it might fail if Steve Jobs dies, he saved Apple from bankruptcy.
I want one but have nothing to﻿ justify the purchase :(
wow!!! gotta﻿ get one..!!
i love the note taking features!!! Thats quietly brilliant!﻿ :P
thats so cool esp. the note-taking thingie﻿ <3
hell yeah﻿ i totally agree im buying the flyer in 2 weeks time cant wait
why didn't i see this before i bought my Ipad? :[﻿
HTC is﻿ my Hero!
Finally! Since the invention of the tablet i've been waiting for someone to release a tablet with a nice pen/stylist and note-taking. This looks﻿ awesome
finaly ... a tablet with﻿ a pen!
i am 13 and i am starting my gcse work, i believe this will help me as i am taking art, so i have a﻿ reason for wanting it, i need it!!!!!
i need this﻿ for college
nice one﻿ bro...
This﻿ tablet is so cool
I really want 1﻿ of these
i must say, despite that fact that im a total Apple fan...the pen concept of this is very good....theres an app for the iPad called Bamboo paper...but﻿ its not as integrated as this is.... its a very good idea....
im getting it next﻿ week!!!
This is the right thing to buy, ipad is just s useless piece of crap! HTC, AMAZING﻿ JOB! :)
Ipad best for entertainment. Flyer﻿ best for productivety ie buisness
Photo quality is bad. As well as the video quality. The live wallpaper stops when you move through the homescreens and starts up again when you are the desired homecreen. Otherwise great﻿ tablet
zomg want.﻿ Apple is owned. HTC ALL THE WAY. Seriously, first desire z, now this. WAY kills apple...way.
God﻿ Bless Taiwan!
Man i wish i had that right now i﻿ have the kindle fire
watching this on flyer.﻿ pretty good.
It like galaxy note but﻿ i think htc is so good
This needs a﻿ ROM to really bring out the best of what this tablet has to offer. The default stock ROM works well but lacks the Android Market.
Yes the microsd slot is pushed back little more inside the device so it pops out less quickly and easily. :)﻿
Yes the plastic fix all the issues﻿ the prime had :)
Sounds great! Its a day one buy for﻿ me then.
Imo the new ipad is total waste of﻿ money compaired to this.... But its your money.
Patience is your friend. Just hold on few﻿ more weeks, it will be worth it!
You said it yourself, the only people that will wait this long﻿ for a product are Ferrari owners. The Infinity is the Ferrari of the Tablet market.
See this tablet looks amazing! But my biggest problem is at the moment I'm using a Sony VAIO with a bluray drive, a 1.5Tb hard drive, i7 and a very powerful NVIDIA card.... and it only cost £100 more than this device with a mobile processor... I can't justify spending almost the same again on﻿ something so powerless compared to this laptop! Which is still quite portable!
This this is actually really﻿ amazing! Great review!
I really hope HP sues RIM for this. The multitasking and gestures are blatantly copied from WebOS. I do love the playbook and I﻿ think it is a very nice device but this is just shameful in my opinion.
Looks nice. The interface is﻿ what catches my attention. Definitely want one! :D
Even on the video﻿ the pictures looks amazing! Great review :)
this is totally better than the ipad2, play book is first gen and its better﻿ than the ipad 2. The only thing ipad has on playbook is a bigger screen and more apps..... who gives a fuck about apps
Great job Rim! Great rim-job!﻿
I want that on﻿ a 12 inch tablet
I would say this is probably the best tablet to get actual work done, but I﻿ am completely disappointed. It is not finished.
I was﻿ first in line at Staples to buy this, its awesome!
have the iPad﻿ 2 but this thing looks pretty awesome!
huh...i actually like﻿ it!
Nice review Jon :) but 90% of the problems you mentioned are not that big like the screen size n keyboard ( its about personal preference ). The multi-tasking is the best, better then ANDROID ! The only thing i dont like is " lack of options". You cant really do much with files. photos for example, you can only set them as wall paper. i wanted a bit more like sharing etc. Its the case with videos, docs n other stuff too. Thats why il go with android 3.0 ( although i the hate multi-tasking )﻿
man i wish i had﻿ one brown boy needs one ::P
A﻿ REAL tablet
i love my﻿ playbook...
if they﻿ fix those disadvantages it could really stand apart from the competition
I bought the Ipad 1 (16g wifi) always﻿ with the intention of either going Ipad 2 or something else this year..... Ipads been great but frankly the OS is plain boring (though jailbreaking made it better), this OS looks absolutely awesome, makes me look forward to WebOS even more !
this is a﻿ great tablet
keep up the play books videos! when is andriod﻿ apps coming to playbook?
I like the hardware, the size, the screen, the browser and the multitasking feature. It's truly a portable but powerful tablet! The only problem that prevents me from buying it is﻿ APPS! How come RIM releases Playbook without a good preparation of application stores, given it has been delayed for a while!?
I'm sure a camera on a tablet is great, but how stupid do you think you'd look holding a tablet up taking﻿ video?
these arent gripes. these are naggin little problems. this device is dope. and nothing is better. i love this. ipad is doneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. ok, you dont have a calender are you serious. lol iphone couldn't send pic meassages. but everyone still bought it. if apple said, hes﻿ a banana with an apple logo on it. ppl would buy it smh
@jon4lakers do you like this OS better than﻿ honeycomb? multitask looks great on this!! but i love the layout if honeycomb.
Got my iPad 2 but﻿ this looks pretty damn sweet :)
I would buy but I﻿ won't sell my iPad for it
lol the only thing i like about it is﻿ the multitask, gestures, camera and flash. :P
awesome camera﻿
I was in the market for either an iPad or Playbook. I really liked the iPad for all the apps, but in pretty much everything else I think the Playbook OWNS the iPad - this is coming from a person who has an iPhone. The best thing about the Playbook is that you feel surprisingly at ease with it, even more so than the iPad. My Playbook hasn't run﻿ out of charge since I bought it yesterday. Piece of advice: dont listen to too many people, try it out for yourself, you'll love it too!
BATTERY LIFE is: 7 - 15 hours! 4G models are coming soon (rumored: 5/8/2011 at Sprint). And anyone of you who says that this OS is a copy of Palms Web OS or the device is a copy of an iPad or any other tablet, is just an IDIOT. This tablet stands there alone there and isnt comparable to any﻿ other and at least when native email/contacts/calendar and android apps are available on this tablet in 2 months, there wont be any other tablet which can compete with this. Simple is that. Its gorgeous.
I don't like the the way the multitasking bar scrolls. It like that jumpy kind of scroll. Otherwise, I really like the Playbook. I'm kind of disappointed how much of a copy from WebOS it is. I really don't respect companies﻿ that copy directly from other companies.
it's probably better than the﻿ ipad. that's why no one is talking about it.
Why is there no perfect tablet? iPad is just lameass iOS. Xoom is just shite﻿ but I love Honeycomb Playbook is Blackberry which isn't my thing but I like the name Playbook.
This device is remarkable!! It looks cool, durable, and in general it is a very nice device, almost as good as﻿ the iPad, maybe better.. The main reason I choose the iPad is the syncing with iTunes. I love multimedia
os handles﻿ android apps. so cool.
Welcome﻿ back blackberry!
If I was Darth Vader,﻿ I'd say this was "Impressive". But since I'm not him then I'll say﻿ it's awesome :D﻿
People need to hop off of the Ipads dick - so what if its small? Some people﻿ like smaller devices. The playbook is more of a computer than the Ipad will ever be. I own an Ipad and an Ipad 2, and they are truly just oversized Ipod Touches. For people who want a more computer like product, the playbook is a great affordable option
you need to explain the frames per second on﻿ both the cameras, the battery life, the thickness, and the weight please. Other than those things you missed in this video, you did awesome on the review. Thank you for showing us the nice new device.
actually looks pretty good﻿
as long as its not apple im﻿ happy
@techview26 your right﻿ I don't fully agree on your idea of ipads bieng giant ipod touches but I understand where your idea of that is coming from and its probably smart to get a bberry playbook if you can afford an ipad or its just not useful also I agree on the management of power how ipad isn't as powerful as a bberry playbook would be :)
I have the play book and i﻿ do enjoy the battery life. It easily last me through the day.
I have the play book and i do enjoy the battery life. It easily last me through the day. Also to unlock﻿ the device you can swipe it from all directions, as long as you start from side to side
Looks surprisingly great for﻿ web browsing...
Another great review :)﻿ I think I'll get one :)
Awesome device and great OS. Definitely a top device﻿ overall
I don't see the "huge omission" with the email and calendar apps, I think web portals are fine until the apps come later. Patience and learning to be content with the web portals should make life easier by being more content with what you have :P ha I like that unlock gesture ^^ I really want one now :P especially with Android support﻿ coming out ^^
Well, as much as i think that RIM (BlackBerry) is for morons.. i really like some of the features this thing brings: -Touch borders -MutiTasking (WebOS way, although i find that Android's is better for Battery so i like it) -Smooth Animation (Something that Android is STILL lacking after 2 years of release for some reason... i don't think Google Engineers don't know how to implement GPU Acceleration or whatever that fixes it. if﻿ they don't, then they can call me, i'll do it, FOR FREE!! -___- )
I like my Playbook better﻿ than my ipad2. The web browsing experience is so much better on the playbook.
blackberry taste better than apple :) ﻿
The ipad﻿ sucks and so will the ipad 2. The playbook is so better in everyway. Ipad 2 still won't have 4g. The resolution is better on the xoom as well. But im sure all of you Apple followers will still sink your last dime into the ipad 2 and the iphone 5 as soon as its released. Even though nobody knows anything about the iphone 5, you fanboys are still planning on buying it. That's what I call a hyped up product, people already wanting to buy it before they even know﻿ what it is. TOO MUCH HYPE!
just because there are some cons and you dislike the product does not mean it "sucks" sure there are multiple features of the playbook which the ipad does﻿ not have but the ipad also has many features that makes it unique... when products are compared down to the specs the ipad does come out on top but that doesnt mean other tablets arn't good... off coarse fans of apple want to get new products but thats because they're fans for a reason! they know the products are good!
ya it sucks but they are going to bring out 4g for it in the near﻿ future
that thing has faster proccesor than﻿ my computer
It's screen is too small to play games in, they should call it bussinessbook not playbook, make another size﻿ RIM :/ I REALLY WANT IT
if they make a﻿ bigger display it will be better than ipad 2
I think Jon did a really good job of reviewing the device, but the only gripe I have is on his complaint on the size of the power button. How many times do we hear people complain about poor placement of the power button and how easy it can be to accidental turn the device off (talking﻿ about cell phones and tablets). RIM designing the power button the way they did eliminates that potential problem.
I really like this and I﻿ have a first generation iPad...
pretty cool for a tab...i'm looking for a tab﻿ that i can watch vids (including flash vids) so this would do great. thanks for the great review!
I used this at a friends' house and it's amazing, a much﻿ better size for a tablet than the iPad in my personal opinion, especially for typing. Great software and user interface as well.
i think 7 in﻿ is the best size... a 7 in iPad should be amazing...
that was the main selling point with me, i think 7﻿ is the best size also. 10in just looks kinda doofy in my opinion.
i think﻿ the playbbook os 2 update will make this one of the best tablets aroumd
the 16G one is now only $294,﻿ I am so gonna buy one tomorrow!
i want it ;((((( ! but expensive ;((((﻿
I just﻿ bought one for $200. It's amazing.
i just bought two﻿ :D
This is soooo worth $200!!!﻿ Trust me!!!
Just got one﻿ for 199 :) thats a steal if you ask me thanks Rim....
200﻿ dollars in canada. Getting one. :P
great christmas ideas. im gonna﻿ get one
everyone is so stoked to get﻿ one of these aha. totally getting one
I just got it its simply amazing!﻿
I bought one and I love it, cant wait for the February OS2 update when Android apps can run on it, and﻿ any other goodies.
lol I have a honeycomb tablet and I will definitely sell mine soon and get this. Honeycomb has way too many bugs google does not care about and hasn't fixed since 3.0.1 until 3.2.1, and Ice Cream Sandwich? lol I tried an available ICS rom that's has a lot of things working already, and it STILL has the portrait lag (google honeycomb portrait lag). google apparently isn't putting much effort in refining their﻿ os as RIM, Apple, And MS are.
Bestbuy are selling them for 199 i think and 249 for the 32 gb.﻿ I brought an ipad2 a while ago but this looks really nice. The os is sweet, i just wondering what will the play book be like with those androids app!
i say ipad because of the screen size and how the operating system is made for it so it doesnt fail you most of the time. id stay away from android tablet unless you can get a hands on and decide for yourself. this tablet screen is not﻿ as great to type as the ipad. but then again price difference is big so it depends how much is your budget. but to be honest, get a laptop. its so much better for school work
I want to go back to BlackBerry. I miss the email but mostly because everyone has an iPhone these days. Bold 9900﻿ looks great but I'm holding out for QNX on a Blackberry. You can get the playbook new on eBay for <$300 :O.
best tablet ever. stop crying bout the﻿ mail and the clander
It is a lot better﻿ than the iPad.
soo amazing i﻿ want one !!!
The screen isnt to small, it isnt to big, it is 7'. Unlike the﻿ Ipads massive screen, the Playbook wins hands down =)
My friend has a﻿ playbook I think its A awesome tablet! xD
i have had this tablet for christmas and i am still using it now on a day to day basis. it is a great tablet as i already have an i phone i got this. it has the best ever screen playing 1080p videos and a takes great pics defo recoment buying it is at a great price now also this has flash player the i pad dont. there is just 1 thing wrong the lack of apps﻿ let it down abit
i really like the playbook. i got it because of this﻿ video
juste bought one for 200$ big special :))﻿
I just bought an iPad 2 yesterday﻿ and I wouldn't mind adding a Playbook to my tablet collection. Besides, I've never owned a Blackberry product and would like to experience the crackberry phenomenon.
Just got the playbook.If your deciding whether or not to get it,﻿ get it!
I love the playbook im. 11. And I﻿ got this for Xmas!!! It's amazing!!
i had﻿ mine for two days and it's wonderful
watched your﻿ unboxing, review & comparison. I am going to buy it next week. In India, its the best & the most affordable tablet ever launched.
This﻿ Is Cool
just bought one because﻿ i couldnt afford the ipad 3 affordable has flash good at multi tasking, resolution is beautiful but not the ipad
Could you make an updated review of this tablet? I think the﻿ playbook is a steal now. I found it for $200 brand new!
from my point of view ! the ipad is pretty dumb its just a Bigger ipod ! plus they take a new one out a few months after the first one comes out , i find that dumb and useless you wasted 400﻿ dollars on a over sizes ipod ,went you can waste less than 300 for a way better tablet like for example the Playbook .but then again that's only if you ask me .
RIM has a very﻿ good software...
Dude, I bought this cos of the video and it﻿ is FUCKING awemsome :)
I know!﻿ I found the 16gb for 105.99 in canada! its so cheap here! AHH haha
holy crap that's friggin﻿ cheap!
Hi, my playbook from a few days doesn't work well the browser./ When i open﻿ a page, takes too much time to charge. Someone can help me? I'm sure isn't problem with conection because it aways worked well. Thank you very much
There﻿ selling 64 gig £129 in the UK. For just listening to music, watching video and reading an ebook it's perfect.
much better than the ipad﻿ (y)
A step up﻿ from the a500.
Love that ring UI.﻿
Just checked it out this﻿ afternoon, the screen quality is horrible, but the rubberized back feels really amazing!
Love that ring ui also, but that screen and those viewing﻿ angles.... Rough..... Waaaaaaa
good,but ugly ;)﻿
I own the A500 and love it. I might have to pick this one up.﻿ The rotation lock makes it all worth it in my eyes.
Nice and cheap with USB port, I could find a use﻿ for it!
Just bought a Iconia A200. I really like the features, screen, and overall﻿ general quality. Negatives are the speakers which sound tiny. Overall the iconia a200 is a awesome tablet.
This is a very good tablet andvery good﻿ price
best tablet for﻿ $350
i have iPad 3 but i﻿ think acer makes best android tablets - a210 the best
I had to do le pan 2 vs acer iconia tab200. in the i decided on﻿ the le pan II because the screen was more like i wanted. big but not narrow.
awesome! best buy sells them refurbished﻿ for $150 :)
I just got this tablet today﻿ and i love it. If you go to game stop at all they have one at my store on sale for 200 dont know if it on sale where you at. But i love was going originally get a nexus 7 and i am glad i got this one
I got mine﻿ today for 200 at game stop and i love it
I was going to get an Ipad 2 this year, but my parents are spending quiet abit money on me for my class ring and also i'm going to disney next﻿ year. So I was looking into these tablets and i've heard alot of good reviews on these. I have to say i'm very excited
The ultimate﻿ gadget! Wi-fi, Phone!!!!, GPS!!!!, games, dual cameras, video, Skype, facebook, twitter - whoa! 5 out of 5 stars!
Good﻿ to know that it is to be a pretty nice device!
Those 2 games shown looked stupid to me. Its not the type of game I would play on any tablet. I've seen reviews for﻿ much better games for the Ipad. I actually dislike Apple as a company, but think their Tablet is good despite the flaming by some. It has its own benefits and negatives.
All the apple haters that want a tablet﻿ will buy the xoom and get ripped off. $800 is too much for a beta product. Apple dominates the tablet market right now. Also, you might thing that tablets are useless but for the average consumer, it is perfect for e-mails, facebook and youtube.
Very good review Lisa. I love﻿ my iPad 2. Worth the upgrade IMHO
On my﻿ iPad 2 right now...love this thing
Xoom is so much better but it's so expensive $800 !! if i would buy a tablet i would buy the iPad 2 16GB or 32GB no﻿ 3G !! $480 - $590... btw the Xoom is also capable at viewing flash videos !! the update was released few days ago ...
looks like a pretty great product.﻿ You always have the best reviews as well
I'm gonna be the old dude on this one (I'm 35) but...why, if you have﻿ three games to choose, are the games all so violent? I have nothing against violent games for teens and adults, but it's striking that an otherwise wholesome review featured those game choices. Just an observation. Maybe it says where we are now. Great showing. I can't get enough of iPad 2.
macbook pro, because its actually a computer and is much more powerful and you can download things and install software but the ipad is much more﻿ portable. so if u can afford it get both, if not, macbook :)
Awesome review! iPad 2 Smart Cover is﻿ amazing thing though
The iPad 2 is simply productive. Its absolutely amazing and﻿ by the way great review !!! Thanxx
Android doesn't have notes plus. Or any app equivalent. IPad﻿ 2 may not have the hardware buy ios and the app store drop bombs on Android.
2012 is the﻿ most likely date. (Late or early no body knows) I say get the iPad 2.
Who said it's coming out in﻿ 2012? It could be LATE 2012, and that would suck waiting 10 months. You can always sell your iPad So buy it.
Great review! I got mine the other day and at first I thought I was going to﻿ regret it but I love it.
iPad﻿ is amazing
iPad is amazing and so was the﻿ review
To buddhastaxi or anyone else I'm looking for a nice tablet so I'm still thinking iPad 2 but people are saying no because I have an﻿ iPod touch 4g but I want an iPad 2 because it's iOS I love apple and I also want to honor steve jobs apppplllllleeeee and I kinda wanna substitute for my iPod too so yah advice people advice
The ipad 2 is winner. But that accessory cover, priced﻿ at $40, that's a ripoff.
It's﻿ great! When you get it, reformat it, then root it! Overclock it to 1,15GHz with Milestone Overclocker (found on the android market) and install some apps from my channel. Now sell it on ebay... You can LEGGALY sell it for MORE than you paid for it because of root, faster processor and great games (that are usually paid for)!
Pretty cool but﻿ seems a bit expensive. I would like to see a Core i3 version
the i5 & wacom combo﻿ makes this thing excellent.
Looks﻿ really nice. Although I still would rather a iPad with Sketchbook Pro on it. Might change for Photoshop though.
Thanks for the GREAT review! I really didn't expect the screen to be as good as it is....great job to Asus on﻿ that.
I don't know about that... how is this like a netbook except for the size? This thing is sooo much more powerful than any netbook out﻿ there. Except for its battery life, this is what tablets should be IMO... not just for playing games like the ipad and galaxy but actually useful for school and work
Great﻿ product.
ohh not bad﻿ price .. i am wondering how battery life go ..
wow. This this is amazing for﻿ a tablet
Do you buy everything you review? If you do you﻿ must have some pretty cool toys in your house!
rather﻿ get this then the ipad2.
So far I'm loving my EP121. It won't sell iPad like numbers, but whatever stock Asus is making is selling, it took me a week and many phone calls to finally track one down. Got to the store in time﻿ to get the second last 64gig version.
OMG The real deal!!!!!!!﻿
main reason i want﻿ this is because of the use of the pen and its artistic possibilities
And it'll be twice as expensive as an iPad. I really want Windows tablets to succeed, but manufacturers are going the wrong way about this.﻿
It can play games in it - THAT'S AWESOME FOR A TABLET (i mean games like﻿ dead space 2, black ops, not some adobe flash game xD)
You're joking right? The ASUS Eee Slate is awesome for painting! Photoshop, Illustrator, Painter all work really well, and I'm even﻿ sculpting in ZBrush without lag. It's obviously not as powerful as my 12 core desktop, but then no laptop is, you would have to be a moron to think otherwise. But this thing smokes any other tablet. Have you even used the EP121 yet?
Please note that I am not saying that it doesn't smokes the competition. :) It does. I like where this technology is going, but for my train ride﻿ I will stick with the iPad 2 and then do the real work on my 12-core at work - like you. Have you tried a Cintiq 21UX btw? I would LUV one of those.
You can't knock something until you try it. :-) I was pretty skeptical about the 12" screen size, but it is actually really nice! It is almost the exact same size as a standard piece of paper, which most people write﻿ and draw on more ofter than any other size. I tried ZBrush out of curiosity more than expectation and you have to see how well it performs! I will post a performance video next week. I do like the Wacom Cintiq screens and you know they make a 12" model right?
Sounds good. :) Yeah, the Cintiq comes in 12" and 21" flavors. I currently use an Intuos 4 with Photoshop, Maya, Mudbox, Zbrush, Lightroom and Sketchbook Pro at work and loving it. But then again, I upgraded from a Bamboo Medium. :)﻿
GREAT INTERVIEW. GOOD PRODUCT. BUT IT NEEDS TO GO FURTHER OBVIOUSLY. MEANING FULL CAPABILITY AS﻿ IN ALL THE HARD DRIVE THAT YOU WOULD HAVE ON A LAPTOP....THIS COULD BE DONE....MAYBE NEXT YEAR
£1000.... shame... such a good machine but that price is going to put alot of people﻿ off including me. I really want it too...
This review is executed with expertise. Thank you for this review with a particular thanks﻿ for tech savvy in articulating the features of the product. Your brief mention of the difference of displays was highly enlightening. Thank you again.
wow that﻿ thing is powerful
@artwell123 well so is﻿ the iPad when you think about it... Except this gives you more freedom and power
I went to the microsoft store today and saw it for the first time. The pen did﻿ not have a right click button, but it wasn't much of a problem, all you do is touch with two fingers. It has pinch and zoom features like the ipad does as well. In my opinion this thing is awesome...
Absolutely love it. It would be cool if it could be compared to its﻿ SE Asian competitor Acer Iconia Where can I get the Tablet PC WACOM drivers? Cheers :D
This is awsome. I want it so badly,﻿ Hopefully I can buy it in Taiwan.
sooo﻿ getting this better than ipad
Asus is badass.﻿ I have a laptop from them, their UL series.
Ya the screen is the downside, resolution should be higher and oled should be used. Every other spec is amazing. No reason why﻿ this should not be 1920x1080 it has all the specs to run it.
This is the perfect device for﻿ all digital artists over the world. Perfect with photoshop.
outstanding review best ive﻿ seen. looks amazing want it already
windows 7﻿ clearer faster sharper and not sucker
well its the fist for the havy 3d gamers and i would so play them on that because its just way to cool ﻿
Yes you can install everything on this that you would on a regular P.C. and with the usb ports you now have room for unlimited expansion, TB Harddrive, Usb studio microphones, and other devices. Your studio on the go can be the bomb.﻿
This device + Windows 8 will be awesome!﻿
The ipad 2 looks like a toy compared to﻿ this beast
The best review on internet...﻿ Thanks you very much for this, now i take the decition of buying it! :)
You﻿ sold me. This thing makes tablets look like they were made for children.
this was an﻿ excellent review. answered pretty much EVERY question i had that i was having trouble finding answers for. especially its photoshop painting performance and gaming (i knew it wouldn't be awesome for games, just wondering... how bad...). all good points, good conclusions. i've decided to buy one of these now. it's pretty much my ideal device!
so cool﻿ but very spendy
lol I keep hearing some Apple fanboys comparing this to the iPad. You just can't compare the two, the iPad is for people who want to look trendy and waste their time watching videos and surfing the net. The eee slate is for people who﻿ want to be productive and do, well, grown-up stuff ;)
When i found this i was so excited i've wanted a small slate tablet with a decent battery for a very long time. Art tablets have become harder to find in store since the ipad started being considered a tablet, but to my dismay this is still out of my price range being $999.99 on Bestbuy.ca :( ﻿
People, THIS IS A PC, NOT A "TYPICAL" TABLET. This goes back to the original "tablet pc" concept before the ipad came out and commendered the expression "tablet" computer. That being said, get over the price, because this appears to be a fully functioning computer with android/ipad functionality. I think I'll﻿ get this to go along with my ASUS Transformer :-)
As far as priced is concerned, if you add the cost of all of the "add-on's" to the iPad to make it do what this tablet does out of the box, based on the $699 price of the 64GB iPad 2 (wi-fi only), you﻿ are looking at $934 and it still would not have the built-in Wacom digitizer, 12.1 screen, ability to play Flash or the built-in sd slot, which will allow you to increase the storage on the Ep121 to an additional 128GB.....you can't compare the two, because its not fair to the iPad. :)
Best review for the eee slate i love this﻿ windows tablet
I very much appreciate the review on the pen and art functions of this tablet as that is exactly what I have been﻿ looking for. Thank you for not ignoring a fairly important aspect of what this type of tablet could be used for (cnet reviews, I am looking at you). I am sold based on this review... now if only I had the money :(
You know when you love a device when you look at a review and unboxing video on that device about 300 times before you even﻿ buy the device lol. I can't wait until I get this device. Notes will be easier with WJ. I'll be able to make chord charts for gigs with the music template on the WJ not to mention It'll help me with practice charts when I'm in my classes. This will be definitely worth the 1k price.
Bought one. Loved it. Realized it was factory damaged on the side. Windows store exchanged it hassle free. This one was a dud. The power/sleep slider was stiff and would stick....Had the 2nd EP121 for 3 hours before the slider broke off,﻿ and had two total system freezes in which nothing was responsve, not even the emergency/force shutdown button. Will be taking it back tomorrow. Trying to decide if I should exchange it for yet another one or getting a traditional laptop.
BEST TABLET ON WORLD!!! FUC... IPAD AND THE REST!!! I STAY WHIT Eee Slate EP121 Tablet﻿ PC!!! WHO AGREE WHIT ME, PLEASE THUMBS UP, HOPING I GET 99999999999999999999999 THUMBS UP!
If I didn't have the tm2t, I'd definitely get this bad boy. I love when tablets don't compromise- only downsides seem to be small amount of storage and battery life, though my hp has it's own downsides (screen is washed out, device is heavy, etc). GAAAHHH﻿ wish I could have both!
thank you﻿ for the vid, mine is in the mail and will be getting here this monday!!!!! "im so excited... that i just can't hide it and I know Iknow " well you get my point but thank you!
You can use CAD programs. Typing on screen is fast, but it's never as quick as a hardware keyboard, but it does come with a hardware keyboard. Even if it falls behind you, it will catch up eventually. The hard drive isn't designed to be user-replaceable, but it's not that hard to do. We have a﻿ detailed instructions on how to do that with pictures in our full written review. So be sure to check that out.
THIS﻿ is what I call a REAL TABLET. I'm impressed.
Finally! first tablet that can work as a graphic tablet! Fuck Wacom the stupid monopolizer!﻿
Sounds like you﻿ have a defective one :(. I still own the one I used to do the review, and it's been working great for 8 months.
This tablet is *ideal* for installing Windows 8﻿ and then the Bluestacks Android player for the best of both worlds.
i am a fan of your reviews. very clear and concise. thank you. and yes i want﻿ this tablet!!!
I love it this what i have been waiting for long time a PC on the go not too big not to small. I﻿ will buy it .
Great review! I think this is the perfect sketching tablet! But this review seems a little dated -- are there any devices that are like this but with better specs / cheaper? I really like the fact that it's a tablet but I still get Photoshop, Wacom pen, and a physical﻿ keyboard. Again, excellent review.
I﻿ really really like this but I can't afford to buy it...hope someone will give me this this christmas hehehehehe
for me one major plus of a tablet is the battery life, just carrying it with you without have to worry that your battery is out of power soon. One negative thing is that on android tablets I can't run my photoshop programs etc. So once I saw this windows tablet I was excited. But sadly the﻿ battery is very poor, I don't understand why they didn't make it higher, why should i buy this tablet instead of a laptop im wondering now, I mean the touch function in windows 7 isn't even that good.
extremely nice review lisa where do u think i can get this cheap and please do a review on the Samsung Series 7﻿ Slate PC
Waaaay too expensive. Amazon.com - $1000 Amazon.co.uk - £1000 Amazon.de - 1000 Euro Anyways, great review and brilliant product. Keep up the good work.﻿
Nice review on the tablet!!!! i just got one!!!!﻿
I'm gonna﻿ buy this for both creative work and for entertainment. In europe it's designated BT121
hey just stumbled on this excellent review and cant wait to buy one for the new year.. can you please tell me where to﻿ get one from. HN is the only place i can find it from and they are as expensive as the asus webpage
This eats the ipad and﻿ shits it out
got the tablet but noticed some screen bleeding issues﻿ but still love it.
damm i have an ipad but i﻿ what this masterpice
I﻿ want one.
I've owned this, and this is the﻿ best computer for note-taking.
it's still the king of tablet pcs but﻿ I don't take it out in public too often any more, there's way to many people eyeing it, just waiting for me to turn my back. it definitely turns more heads than the latest alien ware laptop
i actually just ordered this Slate, got﻿ it for myself as a bday present lol.... i cant wait... my question is, how does the slate run with an anti virus running on the background?
Great review, very professional and informing :) I just ordered mine and can't﻿ wait for it to arrive. How well does it work in say one note when you are also resting your hand upon the screen and writing with the e-ink digitzer?
It all depends on computing style and needs. This Asus product is similar to the HP Pavilion tx2000 series, and it's designed for somebody that's either a hard-gamer or has to interact in a regular basis with heavy applications such Photoshop, Autodesk, and the like. One of the CONS for this is that it runs on Windows 7 and application controls and tabs end up﻿ being to small to click and with time it'll get on your nerves. For a designer this tablet is more of a showcase equipment.
I want to get this tablet but I`m little worried about the battery life because the﻿ battery lasts 2-3 hours. It will be recharged 2,3 times a day and that can`t be good for the battery (talking from my experience with laptops).
Saso - don't let the battery life stop you, I just bought one. The back comes off fairly easy and the batteries are readily available online and they just plug in to the main board, so replacement is very easy. They have come down a bit in price too so now is a good time﻿ to get one. Have a good night.
this tablet is more powerful than my laptop notebook﻿ - 0 -
i want﻿ it
guys it can not run games well at all i installed league and it lagged .......great tablet pc other wise but don't purchase it under the influence that you can﻿ play games wherever you go
I am not really into Tablets but i have to say with it having Windows 7 and the SSD hard drive and﻿ Intel i5 makes this actually worth buying.
Great, I like to make electronic music using a﻿ DAW. This will be great!
RT has limitations, you won't be able to install your own programs. I'm replying to you via this tablet with Windows 8 Pro, and its awesome. RuneScape works yes, but i'm sure it won't work in RT since you probably﻿ can't﻿ install java onto it, and the graphics for me is set to the lowest, and lags once in a while. Pro is the way to go :D
YOU WILL﻿ BE MINE SOON!!
it looks real kool but i dont want to pay for a phone service for a device that cant make﻿ calls
Why the HELL is Samsung even trying to compete with the iPad? =S It looks great but who would consider getting this over﻿ an iPad?
I would. Along with anyone else who would get anything BESIDES an Apple product. They're overpriced and (for the most part) not as great as the next thing. Also, there are TONS of competitors to﻿ the iPad. Apple just markets their products SO MUCH that no one ever thinks twice about any other brand. I hope this sells well. Android > iOS.
Cool, thanks for the review mate. Honestly it's a shame. ﻿ I'll never touch a Samsung device ever again, and it's only because their software support is laughably pathetic. Their hardware always seemed good enough.. C'est la vie.
i want﻿ that for my birthday!!!! >:/
i would love to buy. but wont fit in my pocket =/﻿
galaxy has﻿ flash support which makes it better then ipad period.
price is good camera is no surprise. even the size is okay but i love my ipad and i know apple will come correctly better next year with the built in camera but congrads on samsung trying to challenge﻿ the ipad
The size may be its best feature, with apple hinting a smaller ipad coming, it﻿ doesnt appear to have the retangle shape, it looks like it will be the same shape as the current ipad. Speed is excellant, and the battery seems to last well. This device, (I do own one), feels much better in the hand, and can fit in a number of pockets, again, I feel size and shape r the best features for me.
Seriously you dont get the point of a tablet? Videos,internet,pictures etc. Its something you﻿ use when you dont feel like getting your laptop. I would rather have a tablet then a laptop when im taking a shit.
Tablets are useful for people who want a desktop, but can't﻿ because they need to maintain occasional portability. I plan on replacing a laptop with a tab when they come down in price....a tablet and a good PC is a pretty perfect setup, IMO.
for me this thing beats the ipad to death its awesome it does things ipad users can﻿ only dream of.
i﻿ have the Galaxy tab and it makes calls sends text messages everything i wonder if he even turned it on before the review.
I have had the ipad got rid of it now have this love it but I can't get it to connect with my wifi at home it did connect twice and now I can't get it to﻿ work I have reset my router turned off the tablet and stll not working can anyone help me please? thanks
I prefer the ipad. I have the ipad and this tab because my friend got me﻿ the tab for my birthday and he didnt know i had an ipad. But i was still very gratefull. Anyway i prefer the ipad.
Played with this at﻿ the mall today. It was pretty awesome. What really caught my eye was that it supports A LOT OF FLASH VIDEOS. Hehe...
I﻿ want it.
Yeah we have two iPad's and they are great for reading books and the availability of a ton of apps, but I personally like the Galaxy tab's better because of the portability, it has a camera, and has full flash support on the internet. ﻿ If you have a ipod touch (we don't) then iPad is a waste. I am waiting for Galaxy Tab 2 though which hopefully stays the same size.
i liek the fact that it has two cameras...which ipad should have lol. but it looks way﻿ smaller!
cool! but the﻿ real question is.. will it blend? :o
Thats exactly why people buy them. More portable, easier to take places and touchscreen is easier. Plus most of theses tablets have better battery life﻿ than most laptops.
i love it so much.. i hope i could buy something like this.﻿ :)
They're small, portable, and﻿ you can get a bluetooth keyboard if you really want one. Plus with Android there's tons of good, free software available.
With my bluetooth keyboard and the nice stand, it serves﻿ as a workable netbook. The screen's nice enough for e-books. I can play movies on a plane trip without having to lug out my laptop. I've heard you can video out to a monitor or TV, haven't tried that yet. So it's more of a small, portable computer than a smartphone equivalent.
nice I want one﻿
@benp2048 The same will happen with tablets as it did with phones. Android devices will gradually find their﻿ ground and surpass the iPad relentlessly. The iPhone is NOT the best smartphone; it just once didn't have enough good competition (it does now). The same will be happening now with tablet devices.
excellent device﻿ Dont need Itunes to drop all your vids ,music etc Just drag and drop them, everything works superbly.....apple should start making some good apples rather than lemons ......ex apple I device user
Except for the fact that the galaxy tab has flash support, you can use it as a wifi hotspot, and it is running android. So in many aspects it is far superior to the itouch XL. I mean ipad. Just because the ipad is a tablet, and this is a tablet, does not﻿ make this a copy or a fake. There have been tablets far before the ipad. These two tablets are for different people. The ipad is for idiots that buy everything apple throws at them.
Galaxy tab is really﻿ awsome
actually the galaxy tab 10.1 has 2 cam one of them takes full hd video﻿ recording and its 8.6 mm thin ;)
im 11 and im getting one 4 my﻿ bday
this is﻿ way better then the apple ipad
I'm thinking about buying this thing. I have a Touch Pro 2 now, and I want to replace it with something that has a bigger screen. I live in Europe so I plan to use it as a phone as well. But I guess you can't﻿ put it in your pocket? So how should I carry it with me every day? I'm afraid it's not portable enough so I will just leave it at home and use my old phone anyway.
good device ﻿
I have this and my sister has the ipad I perfer using mines﻿ for everything, its way more entertaining.
Well, I for one don't call or like talking on phone much, but i really prefer and like Texting. This has all i was looking for. on Tmobile﻿ it's a 40-50$ difference in price per month once i got my Tab. So I'm happy with it, and support for tab on many android apps/games are adding this device onto it's arsenal of supported hardware.
o Really you did a comparison with tab and ipad well my points out the tab has flash and﻿ in my point of view is alot faster . i did mines at a retail with both products just coming out of the box
is﻿ Some having an Orgazism at 3:55?? LOL haha but awsome tab you got there my friend im thinnking about getting one im not a Mac Fan
i have beed doing comparison between ipad n galaxy tab, galaxy tab is definitly better than ipad..especially galaxy tab can make phone call yet ipad cannot make phone call and﻿ no memory expansion slot.
watch?v=cLU2k-8irk8&feature=related just like I said IT HAS FLASH SUPPORT! and it's on Android, which means you can do kinda whatever you want with it. So no matter if it's ipad or ipad2, though is smaller, the galaxy tab rules because what it's software can do AND what you do with it.﻿ So go ahead, buy yourself an ipad get angry when you can't copy a simple damn mp2 without itunes. Cheers!
I have one and it is very﻿ good.
thanks . im planning to buy this tablet of most of all tablet i know this one is better. dual capabilities both phone and a﻿ tablet thanks again gonna buy this
Samsung Galaxy 10.1 somebody did a review 2 me Galaxy ﻿ is way better bigger screen lighter and skinner
i was﻿ supposed to get an iphone4 but then i saw the awesome features of the galaxy tab so i got the tab. i don't hate apple, i've had an iphone for 4 years and we have the ipad 1 but if you guys are looking for a light weight device which still has a big enough screen for editing powerpoints, typing, etc, i think the tab can suit your needs:) and i agree, it is almost a substitute for a laptop:)
i was supposed to get an iphone4 but then i saw the awesome features of the galaxy tab so i got the tab. i don't hate apple, i've had an iphone for 4 years and we have the ipad 1 but if you guys are looking for a light weight device which still has a big enough screen for editing powerpoints, typing, etc, i think the tab﻿ can suit your needs:) and i agree, it is almost a substitute for a laptop:)
I have this tablet and I think that﻿ is good
i bought it for 200 €! its super!﻿
Way better than the ipad if you are﻿ not a basic user. I dont need conversion to play my videos abd the size is so awesome, never gonna buy an apple device again.
Much pretty than﻿ the iPad ;)
LOOOKS GOOOOOOD!﻿
looks good!!﻿
0h Yeha﻿ Baby Dis Is Much Better Then White color But There Is No Calling In It =((
It's a giant Galaxy S..﻿ I want one!!!
This﻿ tablet is fascinating.that's very nice
been using it for quite a while, everyday is a new discovery =) im running on﻿ gingerbread - overcome kratos, so smooth, so efficient! 1080p video full desktop view browsing decent camera snapper calls and SMS truly an all in one gadget and yeah fits on my back pocket of jeans or side pocket of a cargo pants
Android is the﻿ best!
Just got﻿ this tab and its pretty cool
The fuck? I would never touch an apple product. Only OS I've been using is android. And I absolutely love it. How It's open source and how you can do whatever you want to the OS, and how big the community is. It's something you can't get from any other OS. But the truth is, the OS itself is pretty mutch the same if it's a 300$ android﻿ or a 600$.. For example, I don't see any point in changing my SGS1 to a SGS2 cause of 1080p recording and some other minor stuff.
got my hands on the tab 6 months back in time.....honestly its a neat gadget with an additional feature of calling﻿ and texting....hence giving it an edge above the ipad.....
I am bye this phone and﻿ it's awsome
@litsquad ..only stupid people said that...most people said ipad is good because﻿ of the apps...i admit app store does have many interesting apps than android market..im using this tab for about 5 months..and it really satisfy me..so go buy this thing for yourself dickface
i want one, better than the fragile looking ipad ﻿
You see guys,you don't have to buy apple products which is﻿ too expensive!USE SAMSUNG!
andriod is better﻿ than ios
Good Review! Im gonna buy it because in Amazon its on﻿ $299
i guess galaxy tab is better than ipad in many ways.. my friend had﻿ an ipad and i'm going to have the tab..for one reason , i'm using samsung cuz my friend told me samsung is thicker but it also has an advantage...my friend dropped his ipad on the floor and the screen was cracked...then his bro dropped his tab...it didn't have much effect..but the effect is sometimes temporary or the tab is fully broken by u..
I prefer apple but i really like the galaxy tab. Infact﻿ i am watching this video on ot now i am running vodafone its great:)
i have tmobile and﻿ want that tablet..=/
android﻿ is better than iOS anyways
LIKE AND FAVED COOL AWESOME﻿ WOW
I want Samsung Galaxy Tab!! I like﻿ this phone very much!!
I just﻿ bought one today I love it
LINK amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/B006O13O1Q/electronic-cate-20 Customer Reviews: I originally had iPad 2 and it was okay, but really hated the fact that it did not have flash. Now this one I must say its quite impressive and now that they have a sale going on at AT&T even more. Its fast, has beautiful display and has flash player, also love the customization(though it take﻿ a ... For more details please copy the Amazon link above in your browser
Im watchin this with da tab!﻿ It awesommeeee!!!
why do people think the ipad is better? this does everything the ipad does, plus it runs flash and﻿ its A LOT cheaper
Man this tablet looks so good. Great review THUMBS up ﻿
@karimn97 you can, with bluetooth headset. I tried and it worked. This is a really good﻿ tablet. Love it
you should buy this...since my library bought these tablet﻿ and I got hand on hand experience with the two...the samsung is much better and the touch screen is a bit more sensitive...im planning to buy one...it is very nice
looks kinda cheap, sorry :/ even though i dont like to be a follower the ipad is﻿ mucchh better
I have this!!I use﻿ this to take videos to upload to YouTube
The galaxy tablet is so much better than the iPad because it cost a lot less and has better quality. The home screen on the galaxy tablet looks whole lot better than any of the iPad, the iPod﻿ Touch, or the iPhone.
same here but i have to go with the galaxy tab﻿ because of the android 4.0 and it has more apps
Ugh, why﻿ does alot of people say ipad is better I think samsung galaxy tab is better.
Galaxy﻿ tab is better but I pad as a longer battery time
THE GALAXY AND SAMSUNG TAB IS﻿ BETTER!
This is way﻿ better than the Coby Kyros.
im selling my vita for a﻿ tablet like this.
Go buy one.i just did and even though its not the newest its still excellent,well built and does everything ipad does. You can make calls and pretty much do whatever you﻿ want,excellent.
I just like android better. I owned an ipad2 and now a samsung galaxy﻿ and I prefer the samsung. I think its partly due to being bored with apple and having something different. I can't wait until we have 30 inch tablets. That's going to be amazing.
I﻿ love this tablet
But Android has more free open source apps.﻿
Heyyy everyone . I have a galaxy tab and its awsome. i always text ny friends using the texting apps . And i love to skype. . I dont have a so i use my galaxy tab as one﻿
I have the same version and I'm also watching this video on it. I've had mines for over a﻿ year and I absolutely love it. I've never used the iPad but I hear it's also good. I guess it depends on your own personal preference. I must say that I'm so glad I purchased it because it helps me with day to day task.
Thats﻿ because everyone knows android is better then apple
perfect for BB smartphone users but id still prefer an android tablet cause﻿ it has better and more functions. but PLaybook is cooL, i just feel that it is lacking somewhere.
Too bad we dont need to go on line and wait becuase﻿ only apple device does thats.
very2 reminds me of Android tablets. But this is one good tablet. I still pick the﻿ Asus EEE Slate EP121 though.
Do people keep forgetting that RIM said that it will be able to﻿ run android .apk's? That in itself is worth the purchase, along with the sexy OS.
this is good but its a web os rip﻿ off!
Really Good Job on that Web Browser﻿ and User Interface RIM!
Man...now I'm stuck between the iPad and this beauty. I think I'll still﻿ go with the iPad though, just for the applications.
Impressive tablet! It also lacks the features that make the iPad a﻿ success..
nice design n os﻿ thou
Really neat device, extremely powerful. I got to use it in a Best Buy today and as cool as it was, that dang power button was just so tiny. Questionable design flaw, RIM....﻿
It seems to be a pretty solid tablet but the OS looks a lot more like WebOS than something blackberry﻿ makes.
IPAD﻿ KILLA !!!!!!!!!!!
Just bought﻿ my Playbook 64G. WoW !!! By far the best tablet out there, no regrets.
Better then﻿ garbage android
By the﻿ time the playbook runs android apps, it will be the best tablet ever.. But i still like the design the white color of the flyer from HTC
Very smooth :-O Great advantage =) that's what i﻿ miss in Honeycomb =(
I like the Playbook for being original, not like all the Android copycats. Also, it runs pretty much smooth but I think it lacks some important applications and has﻿ pretty much small screen for a tablet. Hope it will be a real competitor for the iPad.
it cost less﻿ than the ipad. and its more portable.
it being small was﻿ the point. a lot of people dont like the ipad cause its to big but some people like the playbook will attracked to thoes who want one smaller annd can do more then the ipad
the playbook is for buisness people and when your alwasy doing stuff a big ipad isnt always what you want. and it does a﻿ lot more then the ipad
well, at least the menu looks better than other RIM devices. i just﻿ dont like their icons.
You knew it was a 7" screen to begin with, lol. And bezel size is increased so you﻿ have ample room to execute the different gestures. If you're going to complain about something, complain about the lack of native email, which is ridiculous. Needs some 3G too.
guys, stop comparing this to the iPad; anyone with a brain already knows that every tablet out now blows the iPad out of the water. Compare it with a tablet that doesn't function like it's a decade old, like﻿ the Xoom :)
This tablet is amazing, it is extremely quick and the multi tasking feature is amazing. Also the cameras are very high resolution﻿ as is the screen. the only thing letting it down is the screen size which may be a problem for people with larger hands, but if you have small hands this is a great size :D
@Playerchess77 flash﻿ is what makes the internet do what it does, blackberry has the flash
omg the blackberry playbook is so ream...to me its better than the IPAD....ipad is good yea dont get me wrong..but its tooo big...and to me if you﻿ have the iphone...itouch then there is no need to have the ipad...but thats just me...good video
It sounds really good but i think i'd rather wait to get one because i think that it'll develop and be better﻿ :)
I Loooooooooveeee the Playbook ;D btw﻿ Really nice vid!
thats﻿ a good RIM job!
﻿ i picked up the Blackberry playbook about a week ago, i spent almost 2 hours messing with all the tablets at Best Buy, i was a little iffy about buying a Blackberry product but it turned out great, it's extremely fast and is the best multi-tasker on the market, and of course blows the ipad out of the water with flash.... Blackberry is also picking up the honeycomb and android app world... the playbook is the way to go.
I LOVE the way this device looks and﻿ works!!! I hope Google is paying attention, they could make Android look more like this one.
and in the﻿ rear it's pretty clean.
Why Ipad..?? this is a nice pc/mac﻿ friendly tablet plus its a professional grade device at a very reasonable price.
ipad or touchpad, ipad is good if youre more of a gamer, but hp is great for web browsing, bb playbook is good but has barely anything to offer, not many apps, web browsing is decent but its the first bb tablet so if you want it id say wait for an updated version, but who am i to tell you﻿ what to get. playbook is good! im just not into it :p
I don't understand why people complaint about this tablet, about blackberry, and about the os qnx was created long time ago, and it was create for security purpose and﻿ used in airplanes, cars, and networks computer, so blackberry never copy hp/palm Let me tell you people this tablet receive a security certification, because is the only one tablet in her class that cannot have virus, Trojans, spams, etc. Good job blackberry keep going. Thank you for share this video.
looks a little﻿ similar to webOS, i like it
.... no. BBM works with BIS - blackberrys VERY unique and world leading and original push and data service. No BB, no BBM. Only Nokia ever released BB compatible phones.﻿ And that was 5 years back.
Just purchased mine...coming in Thursday....can't﻿ wait....saw it at Best Buy...gorgeous
for all u multi taskers out there this is﻿ ur tablet.cheap and amazing
I love this thing, but I hate the name . .. PlayBook?? don't BB has a more fancy names??﻿
@OmgSymbolical get the playbook. better in every way﻿
this looks shit but im a bb﻿ fan so im gona buy it in 10minutes
Too﻿ expensive :/ But its great !
Is that pokemon inside the gameboy!? #represent ...Oh ya, the playbook is cool to.﻿
i own a playbook, and i love it but have these problems. 1-when in on internet it freezes and makes me close the tab. 2-that app﻿ market sucks, you cant find skype, netflix,etc 3-my computer doesnt recognize the device so i cant transfer music or pics. 4-the internet pages take years to open, and my internet is really fast. 5-sometime the keyboard doesnt pops up. i dont leave the comment for people to hate me or the product, is just to show u some of the problems . and u help me solve them
How much is 8gb 5th Gen Ipodtouch now?It's $199. So you are paying TABLET for the price of PORTABLE MEDIA PLAYER! If you are﻿ not sure, just grab it and decide later on. Cuz the sales ends at 24th Nov. But they are all sold out now EVERYWHERE. So get a raincheck at Bestbuy.
I'm using mine right now, and loves every bit of it - Vivid display, fast, responsive touchscreen and most important of all PORTABLE. I can hold it with one hand. Thanks RIM for﻿ giving great discount.
Cool, you're so lucky! Have fun! It's a great product!﻿ :D
Awesome﻿ right? My Mom picked one up for my Dad this Christmas, he's a super tech junky :3.
Blackberry playbook is﻿ sooo awesome
im so gonna get that tomorrow.﻿ $199 AWSOME...
RIM's website and Futureshop and Newegg are giving $300 bucks off of these. Already﻿ ordered mine. didnt really want one but i cant pass up that price. get yours while you can guys.
I like my Playbook I just hate I can only﻿ use it in Hot Spots
these things are only 255 bucks right now. JUMP ON﻿ IT!
I am also getting this for Christmas, I got mine for £225 from Amazon﻿ at about October 20th. Personally I think it's quite a bargain.
since it has an adobe flash player, can you﻿ play cityville, empires & allies, castle ville via facebook using this playbook? im planning to get the ipad2 but doesnt support flash. so im considering getting this one instead
its a great cool tablet﻿ , you have to have it
lol, the power button is fine, u DON'T need to﻿ use your finger nails... -.-
i bought one from bestbuy for a price of 242 32gb modal and i am happy that﻿ i did.
I'm considering getting this﻿ for web browsing because it's so cheap
i got one for﻿ 226 including taxes its realy good i like it
It's got some nice﻿ features, but I'm returning mine. No option to use a flash drive or any type of memory card is a deal breaker.
Awesome piece of hardware for anyone thats not dumb! At least for 200 bucks??﻿ Or pay 5-700 for an I pad that has no flash or something made in China. Buy North American! Go Leafs!!
webos imitation is nice lol.... Definitly worth﻿ the 250 its for on amazon now
Well﻿ it's better than the pandigital nova tablet
The Price has went down significantly. I think it's $400 now for 64 Gb, but for sure it's $200 for 16GB. I do agree that it was really overpriced when it first came﻿ out.
For $200 and under this will be perfect, It will take a day or two to get﻿ used to but for small game apps, pics, and videos I think this will get the job done easily
affordable tablet!!﻿
As a 20+ year Apple user and owner of server iPads (and an Asus Transformer, ugh) I have to say that this, at 199.00 is an incredible bargain. The response time is light years ahead﻿ of the Transformer.
you need a blackberry phone for that﻿ service (BBM) andyou can't put sim card in it. :( but it's great
The﻿ fact that this is flash player enables makes is it on of the best tablet out there.
Blackberry playbook﻿ > iPad
here its only 200$﻿ =P
just got﻿ this and i feel soooooooooooo happy with it :)
playbook you should go for acer iconia﻿ a100 sucks! ive got both of em and playbook is 100% better! trust me, im not gettin payed to say this..
it has flash player (unlike ipad) it has camera (unlike kindle) it can shoot 1080p videos (unlike many tablets) great multitasking (the best) the pricing ($200 for 16g $249 for 32gb $299 for 64 gb) if you have a blackberry smartphone you can control your device with it the bad side is that it doesnt have android market but they say that it will with an update but thats not that big of﻿ a deal.everything is perfect on the playbook.
No ..blackberry tablet OS. I've﻿ got one ..awesome..it does everything the Ipad does and plus....but the apps and games are now a lot more..but still not as many as the app store or play store..but it worht it
please someone help i love this tablet it looks awesome but its old what tablet should i get ?﻿ :\
Your wifi is crap. It works perfect with my wifi.﻿
If you have a lot of money. Yeah I'd probably buy the iPad over the Playbook. Now if you're on a budget. Definitely buy it over the Kindle. The Kindle is as basic as it gets. It has nothing, no camera, no mic and low storage space. The screen is not as responsive as the Playbook. The playbook is pure quality. It has a front and rear camera. A mic. Responsive touchscreen. I'd even say on quality it's on par with iPad. The Playbook has more apps than ever and supports more Android﻿ apps everyday.
One more thing.﻿ The Playbook has the best web browser of any tablet on the market. It's fast and supports almost anything you throw at it. Here's an example. You're on Facebook and someone post a youtube clip on Facebook. Just click on the clip and watch it on Facebook. Now try that on the Kindle with the Dolphin or any Android browser. You'll get, no flash support.
i want a playbook that works.. i like it..﻿ but it jus didnt work for me.. and not for many many many others
Almost all tablets on store display work like shit, people are messing with them all day. Kids are playing with them. I've owned the Playbook more than a year now and it works perfect. Don't listen to this guy. He's basing is﻿ opinion off store displays.
hey, do you know if it has android now? because this﻿ device has an amazing price, but not worth it for me as i would buy/download lots of apps!
yap , its the best﻿ tablet on the market
serius ,﻿ -.- DUDE THA TABLET IS ONE OFF THE BEST JUST FUCKING BUY IT
Review this again, but with the OS 2.0. It adds the native email and contacts. You can even sync those with stuff like gmail. You also left out the fact that you can side-load android apps to this (OS2). You can search for .bar files (converted android apps for playbook) on google and install them through usb. Honestly,﻿ the remote control feature is the best. As someone who hates touch screens for typing, I can use the bridge to type using my phone's keyboard.
to me it beats the﻿ kindle fire by a mile
No it's a absolutely fantastic tablet, i went on one in a phone shop and was immediately addicted to it, the vibrant, crisp screen, the smoothness of the operating system, this is one of the best tablets on the market, it rivals the ipad 2/3 and is less than half the price, the apps keep getting updated and has around 65.000 at the moment. So, if you are considering﻿ this tablet, go for it, even if it was priced at £300 ($400) i would still buy it, it's worth every penny. I have ordered one
I prefer the OS of the﻿ playbook, just my opinion.
Omfg! I hate when I have﻿ to deal with ether fanboys or you guys that knows no shit! First of all, it doesnt have to be an android device to run skype, netflix, or anything else. The app world has alot of apps. And yeah it has skype and netflix too. And if you cant find the app that you want, you can easily download the apple or android version of the app and install it to your playbook by a program. So dont be a fanboy and STFU!
These are superbly made,if your an apple fan you won't be convinced however it is well made and the os is so smooth,i wanted a tablet to﻿ watch youtube,check my emails over wifi etc and have to say for the money it is superb.
Sounds cool I am going to buy it for christmas and I am only﻿ a 10 year old boy
I like how its now $150﻿
Il probably wait til xmas. But it is﻿ pretty cool
Pretty cool tablet﻿
I like all of﻿ it except the damn power button.
i got a 32GB one...its﻿ amazing and worth the price......
yeah i agree i just got mine 3 days ago ...my old tablet is sitting in a corner now i love this thing﻿
i just got the 32 gb a week ago....it is amazing you﻿ will love it
i have 64 gb, BB PB is awesome.﻿
Holy mother of god whoever priced this starting at $500 for 16gb at launch deserves to be fired immediately... I just bought this for﻿ $129... Totally worth 129, but not 500 Jesus....
I picked up one a few weeks ago, £129 for the 64 gig version (new) from UK chain of shops. Very happy with both device and the price.﻿
The funny thing is that im watching this with my 64g playbook . Very happy﻿ with it.
It is not a phone,﻿ but an excellent tablet. It is fast, nice screen resolution. Good price. The batteries could last longer tho.
nice﻿ gadget nice price
Nice job ASUS...from the﻿ beginning, with the first transformer, I saw that they had a good idea how to get tablets to work...I'm hoping the iPad 3 smashes this!
@fforblack even if its screen is better, it won't have android, and I'd go for﻿ android any day
By﻿ the way you cant watch full hd movies in 1080p because 16:9 isnt quite the right aspect ration. Youtube videos should be great on it though
Actually both have SuperIPS+ screens which are much brighter﻿ and have better colour contrast compared to the IPS. and there won't be a 3G model of the Transformer prime
Love ASUS ... thanks﻿ for review ... +1 ... 8)
I ain't mad bro, I find it funny how much you are sucking apple's dick. The companies you pointed out (except apple) make a new device. The galaxy S2 is bigger, faster and was the best phone samsung could produce. Apple just use the same shell and put in a few new specs. Nothing ground breaking just enough to make the idiots﻿ buy it. This infinity should smoke whatever piece of shit apple bring out this year, but it won't because apple make shinny things. Idiots love shinny things.
I like how you cut off the end of that quote. You are going to buy the ipad regardless of what any other company brings out, because Tim Cook will tell you that their product is the best and that it is new. Apple products﻿ aren't new. They are the same thing over and over again. The galaxy S2 was a major upgrade from the original one. The iphone 4s was the one that didn't evolve. It was nothing new and neither will the next ipad.
you've got a powerful device, instead of showing﻿ it's power with the apps, games,browser test, you are just talking. it has usb blah blah.
Thank﻿ you, Apple! The "new" iPad with just enhanced features has convinced me to go with the Asus Transformer Pad Infinity 700!
There is no update on iPad 3. I will not spend any money this﻿ year. ASUS transformer﻿ infinity 700 looks really nice though.
I have to﻿ ask u guys. I am torn between the new ipad and the asus transformer infinity. The only thing that asus is missing is the good apple software like garageband and other apple market apps, but the asus is also good in so many ways, but andriod has suckish music making apps. Which would u choose?
@TheVoiceWithReason if﻿ u want high level of personalization and an open experience, along with great apps, go for android, also many apps which are paid for in iOS are free in android.... iOS and iPad are good if you want a minimalistic experience, with only wallpaper changing, but want the iTunes store and more than 500000 apps, and as you said, good music related apps
I will admit I am an android fan so take that into consideration. That aside, I suggest the Asus tablet over the iPad if you want a more immersive experience. Like the two before me have said, if you are looking to replace a laptop, the Asus will definitely offer more mobility in that sense. However, if you want to pick up a tablet which you can use from the moment you take it out of the box, go for the iPad. They seem to be more user-friendly and require nothing but﻿
yeh mate if u would prefer to have options(like sd card n flash) with your device then go with an android tablet.on the other hand if﻿ u have ever owned an apple device (and liked it) then go with an ipad.hope that helps.
The iPad 3rd gen had a tough time against the Prime. It's got no chance against﻿ the Infinity.
Overall﻿ in hardware, the Prime and the iPad are about tied. The OS is the tie breaker, which is why the Prime won. The Infinity doesn't really bring much more to the table, except LTE and a 1080p screen (still lower than the iPad 3's).
Thing is, the Prime﻿ has the Tegra 3 processor, which has quad-core processing and 12-core graphics. The iPad 3rd Gen's A5X chip has dual-core processing and quad-core graphics. Even though the iPad's screen resolution beats the Infinity, the Infinity beats it in other areas too. Overall, though, they're amazing tablets in their own right. I'd rather take the Infinity, though.
I'm comparing two mobile processors, of course I can say one is better than the other. Comparing a desktop processor with a mobile processor is stupid. And for your information, the Snapdragon processor isn't better﻿ than Tegra 3. If you look at benchmark tests of both processors, the Tegra 3 processor destroys the Snapdragon S4, even though the S4 has A15 cores compared to the Tegra 3's A9 cores. In this case, more cores does equal to more power.
Everyone is buying the iPad third generation because of it's 2048x1536 resolution. My honest opinion is that nothing will look good on that display as everything will look so pixelated especially video's under 1080p. This, the Infinity, is the best tablet on the market with a quad core (with companion (fifth)﻿ core) and 2-8 MP cameras. The iPad seems lousy with a thicker case and 0.7-5 MP cameras. If anybody bothered to read this I would be very suprised. :D
yeh and tbh, the 1920x1200 is pretty similar to it and gives﻿ a much better experience in movies and games
Ipad is for﻿ Sheeps, Infinity is for humans :)
LOL, what about the suckers who purchased the crappy Transformer﻿ Prime TF300, they are gonna really be pissed.
It really depends on what u like, but my experience is that Android is far more advanced than the iOS system on the iPad. The iPad 3 pixel is worthless, because﻿ the pixel resolution doesnt work on movies. ASUS is more expensive, but it can support doc, ppt files (etc.) so u can create excel files, word files (so on.) & write in the them & with the keydock it should fit perfectly.
the﻿ best current tablet in the world
Thumps that﻿ it uses Android Market, and not Play Store ^^
Thumps that it﻿ uses Android Market, and not Play Store ^^
better screen resolution, faster,﻿ better camera
@cjaaron17 I hear ya cuz people don't want android cuz they think that it is too complicated while it will take you at the most﻿ a day to learn all about your tablet. Apple products are for people who know nothing about tech
Yes, With the Infinity you will get a display that is over﻿ 1080p, better cameras (2mp in the front and 8mp in the back), it is faster than the Prime(Prime= 1.3ghz Tegra 3 Infinity= 1.7ghz Tegra 3 T33 which is makes that battery last longer and get better performance over the regular Tegra 3), and last but not least the Infinity does not have the Wifi and GPS issue that the Prime has.
I've used the 3rd gen iPad and it actually looks amazing when using native apps or watching 1080p movies, but the﻿ 4:3 aspect ratio puts me off the screen when it comes to watching videos. I'd take the 1920x1200 screen of the Infinity over the 3rd gen iPad's 2048x1536 screen simply because of the widescreen aspect ratio.
I just had a look at the Tablet 810 and it﻿ seems really promising. But it seems like a long way off from the shelves, so we probably won't be seeing it this year. Until then, I'm probably going to get the Infinity. Windows 8 doesn't seem like my kind of thing.
The coolest thing just happened! I was going to buy an ipad, then I saw their wwdc conference and decided to﻿ buy the prime, and then I discovered THIS beauty which I will totally buy once it comes out! :)
I was about to buy the Prime a few days ago.﻿ Glad I waited.
This is a really nice tablet but I am still going to get the Asus Transformer Pad 300 because that is Quad-Core Tegra 3. The Asus Transformer Pad Infinity 700 is my second favorite﻿ though! :P
Apple fans are cutting﻿ themselves right now. Android fans are fapping.
for 100 bucks, i﻿ bought this.
great review! best 149 i ever﻿ spent
For an e reader, email, web browser, facebook, twitter and stitcher radio﻿ for podcast all for $149. It's a no brainer.
Got one!﻿ Theyre so cool!
Great review. I was one of the luck ones to get the "fire" liquidation of the tablet and everything you stated i agreed with! Another thing i think that bugs me that you didnt mention is that the inter-graded messenger lags when receiving messages and the buddy list layout unorganized (im using aim). It isn't the same list﻿ you would see on your regular list on the computer or actual Aim App.
Boot up time is slow due to the update initiation of your cloud profile and connected synergy accounts. Upon every hard boot-up, the touchpad updates these systems in the background so the﻿ user has the most current information available after the tablet is on and ready to use. i do appreciate you going though some features that most reviews miss. webOS is very unique, with it always being connected to the web, speed is compromised but your content is not. for $99 and $149, it's a must have.
Surely, HP will have software available or available in﻿ the near future to fix the bugs. I've bought one, I'm happy enough with my purchase.
I like the device ...being that I am tall any how and have big hands finally a device that fits my hand...and that is a tablet is even better...but they need to﻿ hurt with the 2.2 update So I can order and start customizing...
cool vedio ﻿ & strek...
Lame commerical "The whole﻿ geek and librarian Eharmony rendevous" theme. Awesome device. I make the Dell Streak look good.
Looks﻿ like a great tablet.
im﻿ writing using it right now it really cool
I love it, I just bought it :D and I﻿ LOVE IT
it﻿ is smooth coz of honeycomb 3.2
Who the fuck cares if its fat or what. It's not fat either. At least﻿ it's better than the iPad :P
I﻿ love mine!
Got it at Best Buy for 250... I'm happy﻿ with it.
i got one﻿ of this. it feels so gooood
This﻿ guy us an idiot. the camera works flawlessly! Maybe he doesn't know how to use the light adjustment lighting for the camera? LOL. I love this tablet. Period.
Netflix works great on mine? Try updating the app?﻿
i bought it for $230, and its awesome..﻿ Loved it...:)
I got this for 3 months already﻿ .... This is an average tablet. Not too good not too bad.. 1 thing i REALLY love about the tablet is the durability. Down things about the tab is the buggy software and the most annoying thing is the network reveption.. Very poor.. But at the price point like this, let me tell u what its worth buying (:
good tablet but﻿ the battery sucks on it u have to always be by a damn charger I hope the Acer A200 is not like this cause if it is it will be goin back to the store n a heart beat with no question ask
i got it for 250 $﻿ from amazon amazing tablet
really?! Wow 8 and they were all messed up, well i guess i was lucky cuz i bought mine a couple of weeks ago and it works fine. plus at Gamestop its new and a refurbished﻿ bestbuy one is the same price. I would pick new over refurbishment any day just saying :)
thanks for the review man, i really wanna go for this one even tho I should﻿ go for the Samsung galaxt tab p3110 becouse it has double the ram, but I just like the design of this one way better
acer is best in quality and﻿ service!!
Nice! But I still don't understand the lack of a home/back﻿ button.
i have the OG eee pad, and i actually like﻿ the thickness. it gives me a better hand hold. the galaxy tab just feels weird to me
Asus simply the best in﻿ whatever they manufacture :)
What do u mean?It's much better than Ipad and I don't think that ipad 3 will be able to﻿ compete with this tablet at least in specs
I have the asus transformer and I just﻿ love my tablet. For me it's just to expencive to change to the prime, but in my opinion it is a great tablet. Maybe the third version :D
Thank you Asus for finally making a﻿ better tablet than the ipad !
now this﻿ is something i could buy.
This runs circles around﻿ the iPad ...this guy sucks. Biased..he didn't mention ics at all,...what a waste.
at﻿ the wifi is better than ipad2 and ipad
so excited about this thing. finally get to use something other than my EVO 4G to browse 4chan and porntube sites all day. that damn phone overheats and reboots itself after browsing the﻿ web for awhile. i heard you can also emulate playstation games with this
@MuNii4 are you serious??? this is way better than the iPad and the iPad 3 wont even be﻿ able to compete with this this is on another level way better than any tablet coming out until about summer of 2012.
Except their releasing is﻿ a clusterfuck
this tablet makes the iPad 2﻿ look like garbage... and it is WAY cheaper... 32GB TFP 499.99 32GB iPad 2 599.99..... sounds like an apple fail to me
Now THIS is a Tablet, drool, drool...hope my pre-order isn't﻿ delayed! imo : the tampax 3 will have a higher res screen with a higher running dual-core & costly 128mb storage option ... STILL No Match for this "quint" core though!
This dude is to anal,﻿ its a great replacmeny for a net book, and i wont pay $1000 for any computer/laptop.
This dude is to﻿ anal, its a great replacement for a net book, and i wont pay $1000 for any computer/laptop.
Definitely﻿ can't wait for this tablet, sounds and looks like an amazing device.
I'm gonna get it, i'm gonna get it :) :) :) yeha! btw no﻿ killer gaming apps for android? Ever heard of Emulators? And many tegra3 games (with gamepad support) are announced. Every game with gamepad support will be better than any ipad2 game. Because gameplay>all. IMHO!
I've﻿ read that the Prime has far better media playback than pretty much any other Terga 2-based tablets, and that it happily plays more obscure containers and formats like MKV and the like. This true? Because I would love a tablet for playing movies, but most of the better encodes use formats that every tablet I've tested in-store either refused to play at all, or played them very poorly. My other choice would be an Archos G9 tablet. Prior experience tells me that won't be a good choice.
I would definitely not hesitate in calling that a netbook replacement. It﻿ has as much ram as my netbook, a much faster processor (tegra 3 beats out core 2 duos in benchmarks while I have a single core atom), much better graphics (I would be willing to bet the tegra 3 ulp geforce graphics is faster than intel gma 500) and it's battery life demolishes my netbook. Not to mention for small computers I think the android ui beats the crap out of windows 7 and gnome.
It﻿ makes no sense to buy any other android tablet but this
"what are you gonna﻿ do with four cores?" i dont care, its cool
The﻿ high resolution of future tablets doesn't make any sense to me on such a small screen. 1280 x 800 is PERFECT for a 10" !!!
man, asus makes a perfect tablet and google ruins it with their faulty software. they better not screw it with ice cream sandwich. sadly, i think﻿ they will
Trans 1 cant CANT be﻿ compare whit ipad 2 prime yes
Last﻿ time i checked, the android market had grown larger than the app store.... go check your facts before you talk
If I remember correctly I can't post links in yt comments, but you can look it up. I remember the tegra 3 scored higher in coremark than a c2d. You can call it a somewhat limited netbook because although android may not be as useful as linux, windows, and mac os, it still does pretty much everything you would realistically ask a netbook to do (surf the internet, word processing, and light gaming). As a matter of fact this will handle﻿ 3d graphics far better than my netbook.
I just got﻿ this tablet and i downloaded dice player to play mkv 720/1080p vids, awesome video player! smooth as butter. wifi isn't that bad, i get decent signal from 50feet away of distance, it also depends if you have a good router.. mines a 5 year old dlink 4200
yes from a WD my passport external usb disk ( 1TB HD )﻿ worked perfect and then i copy it to the tablet and got the same results as well. i tried other video players ( non of them worked ) dice player worked perfect! smooth video playback.
correct, it is optional but it gives more battery﻿ power to the tablet. it indicates once it runs out of power but you are still able to use the keyboard ( like you normally do ) I bought it and i really like it, it does make the tablet a lit bit heavier but it has a very solid feel.
This is﻿ the first android tablet worth buying.
my personal recomendation is an iPad 2 most if you have already something from Apple.... if not.... go ahead﻿ with the ASUS Prime!
my vote goes to asus. but it all depends on﻿ u.
These would be﻿ awesome as school computers etc. :]
yes. I work at best buy and am able to work with one every day. it is﻿ very smooth extremely snappy
In my opinion, if you don't need flash in the browser, or the customization possibilities of Android, and don't﻿ mind having a slightly slower but still perfectly functional tablet, get the iPad 2. Although you may want to wait, because Apple is rumored to be coming out with an iPad 3 sometime this year. I have the original Transformer, and it works perfectly fine for everything I need it for.
Oh I'm not saying Android is horrible, it's just honeycomb that is. I have a original transformer on Honeycomb 3.2, and it is the bane of my existence. ICS should make it massively better, but I have a tribooting netbook for anything serious. It's just the convenience of a noiseless (fanless)﻿ little slate I can pick up and watch a quick video or what have you that I appreciate. And having an OS that doesn't crash, freeze, freeze crash, and die randomly would make it so much better
Normal users just want something﻿ that can check things like e-mail, watch youtube videos, and surf the web. Or just some cool widget to play around with, all of which an iPad does perfectly fine. Well you're a very small minority, companies respond to the majority since they have the most money. I personally like Google Music, being able to access 15000 songs instantly is pretty useful.
Really, I think it can﻿ replace a notebook
I'm sorry .. iPad 2 has better GPU than this ? I just saw some comparing and the NEW iPad barely had﻿ better GPU. Do I have something wrong ?
Loved the hardware. ICS was awesome when it actually worked and didn't crash or restart out of nowhere. The WiFi is absolutely terrible. Webpages and videos loaded half way and stopped loading. I was sad that I had to return﻿ it. It had so much promise but I couldn't stand how bad the connectivity was.
if u read﻿ about both asus specifications and﻿ ishitpad u will understand which is better..do some research before u buy something..
This one wil have about the same GPU than the new ipad's GPU﻿ BUT wil it use more efficient than the ipad so this means: 1. In real life this won is better 2. In benchmarks etc. they are the same
Ipad sucks and gets outdated too fast, this thing can handle anything (even pc games should run on this Skyrim﻿ by example should be able to run on this thing on the highest resulution), the ipad is for stupid peoples
Best﻿ tablet ever, but a little expensive
This may be true for now, simply because the benchmarks, and the﻿ apps arent able to take full use of the 12 cores, besides maybe the tegra3 optimized games. That being said, buying the prime ensures better future-proofing.
I love my new prime... I never use﻿ my laptop anymore! This is my main device. It's a boosted ultrabook with dock 18 hours battery life with the keyboard dock, quad core tegra 3, super nice display, thin, and a LOT more makes this the best device i ever used!
If they put an IR Blaster and a micro USB Port i will be a definite﻿ customer.
You're review is lacking. I have had Ipads and﻿ other tablet. I have been in the IT industry for 12 years and know and trust Asus. They have done an excellent job with the Transformer Prime. It surpasses the Ipad in many ways.
Asus > apple, this﻿ is good! might actually buy 1 :D
my dad wants a tablet like right now, I wanted him to get the Prime but that's not available till sometime in Dec. he asked much about ﻿ a keyboard. l'm thinking transformer..but this slider looks decent too...
cool... not bad. lg is making good﻿ phones now....
from what i see here, the cameras not whats so impressive about this camera, but its speed. Holy crap that looks blazing fast. ive seen the hp touchpad, motorola zoom, playbook, asus transformer, and others, but this and the asus seem to look like the fastest﻿ tablets out there. now is it worth the 750 quid? not rly... but considering the eee pad should cost around the same when u buy the keyboard too, its not terrible. i feel like the 3d camera is just icing on the cake. but the speed damn
Literally minutes of fun with﻿ that 3D thing, there.
2 possible answers : they﻿ either hate it cause it's too perfect and they are not or just cause they love it and they can't afford it
Most tablets cost much higher than this. Flash is bloatware.﻿
tell﻿ me one of these tablet - ok maybe windows tablet are kinda expensive cause these are built with x86 architecture but most arm-based tablet are just cheaper than the ipad2
yeah ok thats kinda same﻿ price - but the xoom is just crap :P
beautiful im﻿ so buying one
ipad 2 i love you Galaxy Tab I hate﻿ you
iPad 2 is better ﻿
Galaxy tab SUCKS!!!!A cheap imitation of the iPad2. In JOBS we TRUST!!! ﻿
I have my I pad 2 and﻿ it's cool and I love it ol
@Phoenix I have iPad 2 and before that i started with Galaxy tab.I know the two pieces of hardware an i tell you that iPad is the best.Apple even condemned Samsung beacause they copyied﻿ their technology.Yes, I`m a fan boy of Apple.They`re the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is STYLE....This is﻿ APPLE <3
i wanna know too ... been itching to try play it myself lol. so﻿ beautifull
WHY DOES APPLE﻿ HAVE 2 BE SO AMAZING!!!! WHOA! I ♥ APPLE!
APPLE'S TABLET WAS ORIGANAL now everyone wants to be﻿ like apple.\ BOOOOOOO IPAD WANNABES
I love﻿ apple!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love it ..., bit i can't buy it, it's too expensive .. i﻿ wish i could've it.. :(
I LOVE YOU IPAD!﻿
ipad 2 is cool﻿
I have the iPad 2 and love it prob the best thing I've ever brought defo worth the money would advise anyone﻿ to get one.
This is﻿ why Apple is kick ass! and then everybody else follows 6 years later after it's been done
i just bought﻿ my first ipad 2 last saturday and my experience about it is AMAZING!!!! galaxy tab should be thrown to the saturn or mars i think..
Im no fanboy but this tablet rocks!﻿
Truely amazing. Apple has once again managed to "create" pure technology and come up﻿ with innovations that put the company years ahead of its competitors.
Apple﻿ is LIFE
Notice how﻿ Apple doesn't show After Effects bullshit like Microsoft!
maybe because we all already know it. at least once you have had an apple product, everihing else is﻿ no really good... my opinion of course..
Aswome I want one﻿ of it
I have an iPad 3 !! It's way cooler than the 2 !! I can see the difference!! Apple is the best!!! Not Samsung﻿
Ohh guys don't argue on what tablet is the best. It's obviously that the iPad is the winner.﻿ END of STORY
you are the piece of shit Galaxy Tab 10.1 is not as good as the ipad 2 and the ipad 3﻿ kick your ass moron
Watching this on my iPad 2!﻿ Love it!
Perhaps this tablet will be great with Windows 8, but not﻿ right now.
Acer iconia a500.. ass the rest are higher priced and the acer n samsung are flash﻿ inabled...Acer is good company
I love the hybrid design. I hope they﻿ become more popular.
just turn it﻿ vertically just like the apple ipad2, ive tried it already and it works!! =D
bought this tablet﻿ today works better then i expected i can even play league of legends on it. as far as battery if you are running on high performance and back-light it will last about 3-4 hours
This is one of the few Windows tablets out there that doesn't $1000+, and it has pretty decent specs to go with it...an AMD dual core Bobcat (C-50). It's GPU performance is better than basically anything you'll get with Intel. Buy it and put Win8 on it. Win7 is not a tablet OS, but it's funny reading that guy below freaking out about how it's not finger friendly. LOL. It's Windows...a desktop OS, it's not finger friendly....news at﻿ 11.
HEY I have this tablet, I will say it is perfect for your school needs, cause is smaller than a﻿ lap top an cause is a windows pc, you can run any windows program on it. with the limitation of the cd/dvd drive
one more thing i will like to add to the review is, that for the size of this unit, it has an amazing sound, this lil thing is louder than my laptop. it a pc﻿ but in a tabet , so if you have a question about running a program like word, exel, powerpoint , yes it will work .
Unlike the Ipad, you can instal REAL software and do some REAL WORK with this, ipads are shiny expensive toys with zero or close to zero productivity. I do programming, design, audio editing and 3d and iFADs are totally﻿ useless from a professional standpoint, the same applies to android devices as well. A shame both android and ios are linux under the hood, sadly crippled to NOT support normal Linux apps, which totally cripples productivity and limits "app" choice to worthless lame joke apps
amazing﻿ device enough said...
More than three stars. I got my and give it 41/2 stars. Stop reviewing it as if it were a netbook or a laptop. It's a tablet with the convenience of a physical keyboard.﻿ Unless it was so brief I missed it why didn't he show the acer spin skin? it's one of the coolest things. This is a great functional tablet. Not like the ipad that you surf the web on and read a book on. I love it. But I'm a normal user not a geek trying to hack into NORAD.
acer are quite smart not to make the screen too big and have some area to grip without pressing things you dont want to. i am getting﻿ one soon
i grew up using that little navigational mouse in the middle of the keyboard since i was﻿ like 12, and i've never had a problem with it. Granted, the older laptops had put more space between the﻿ space bar and the left/right click, but when i saw this in the store the other day, i didn't encounter any problems still. the problem here is that you shouldn't be using your pointing finger to click, but instead the thumb. just keep your thumb steady on the button and it shouldn't hit the space bar.
i got it and it is gr8 it is﻿ alot faster than my HP mini
This is an﻿ iPad killer.
fuck i cant wait to get this fuck the i pad it can suck a cock.........this is a tablet and a pc so i can﻿ go to school and have fun at the same time........
why wouldn't you buy one? i use mine for class its far easier to lug around a windows 7 tablet and use programs im familiar with﻿ then to lug around a heavy laptop its also got plenty of power for casual gameing i have played world of warcraft and masseffect2 on it thanks to its amd c50 apu
It like it for Remote Administration. Of all of the different tablets that I have (A500, W500, iPAD, and Blackberry Playbook), this one is a must have for DataCenter Admins that remote administrate Windows Data Centers and Desktops. Even manage the HP-UX and Linux systems. Works perfect with Cisco VPN Client, RSA, and RDC. Supports common Term emulators. Love the﻿ USB capability. I use my Android for general web surfing as it is faster with a better on-screen keyboard.
yeah but android tablets cant play any good games the c50 apu allows this tablet to play games like masseffect2 and star trek online overall useing this tablet after 2 weeks i give it a 2 out of 5 overall i love the performence its far better then i could have hoped for but thiers the thing that its an acer and it has MAJOR bugs in it that tick me off , the most annoying being it loves to spam click the right bottem corner of the screen when held﻿ a certain way its annoying
the keyboard is good but doesn't comfortably balance the weight of tab. also the fixed angle is little annoying.﻿ else the concept is good.
Runs anything your desktop/laptop﻿ can run
I think the first thing anybody needs to realize is that tablets are NOT PC's. If you want a PC the buy a laptop. Like a lot of folks I get a bit frustrated with the Office tools. Just got the Kingsoft app last night and finally have an app that will sort my spreadsheets. Word Docs and PDF's are no problem. I like to use it for taking notes, getting snapshots, and having﻿ reference docs on hand. Battery life and light weight is key for me and charging up only at the end of the day is great.
yes it works just as a normal PC but the bad thing about it is the fact that you have 2.00GB ram and you can't change them so it not that cool to﻿ play games on it
i am playing this video on﻿ my brand new acer iconia tab w500 YEEEEEEEEEEAH love it
Wow!!﻿ No 1 say'n 1st. Nice tablet. Still looking still not sure.
450﻿ wifi ... hmm I might want to shop for an acer ...
Tablets may be useless to either people who can't afford them or those who just prefer a Mac or PC. I sold my playbook today for the Acer iconia and﻿ I LOVE it!!!!! They had an update a few days ago fixing some problems including the YouTube HD lag. Plays HD smooth now. I love watching movies on mine and using apps. I adore it!!!
She looks just﻿ like John Lennon lol. I love your voice, and I love this phone.
excellent review,﻿ awesome device.
too big for some people, it comes handy for the people who needs to replace a smartphone and a tablet﻿ only using one device, if i were a businessman i would totally buy this device=)
7000﻿ times better than Nokia n70
it's even better than apple!﻿
It's a good﻿ machine. However the standard software that it comes with is pretty poorly thought out.
All of android is great BUT NO FREAKIN SCREEN﻿ CAPTURE!!!
this phone﻿ is beast!!!
i just love﻿ my galaxy note ;)
I switched from iphone 4s to galaxy note Couldnt be﻿ happier.. I feel sorry for the time I wasted with iphone REALLY
MAN that is some﻿ smooth scrolling
2-3 times better﻿ than an iphone aswell
i like it but its so expensive it costs abot 600 $ here in﻿ egypt!!!!
Best﻿ phone I've found. Looking forward to the new Samsung Galaxy SIII.
I have one of these but in white and it is amazing! I got urban ears with it for free! I would recommend This phone rating 10.0﻿
Amazing phone! i want to buy it in my﻿ beloved country Indonesia <3
i﻿ love this phone. the look, the size. the class...WANT IT!!!!!! wish it wasn't so expensive. :-(
Whilst the spec of the phone﻿ is awesome, it is just tooooo big I'm afraid. Carrying it around daily became a chore after a week. I downgraded to the S2, but I love it, because I can cope with the physical size.
Just got one! I Love﻿ it!
Tried this and it was laggy. I was honestly expecting more from it. It's also too big to be a phone, it's just a stupid idea. I still﻿ like it though, but if the screen was smaller and it didn't lag I would love it.
Yessss !! Whatsapp ..Tango.. Viber and all of these stuff .. I used﻿ it yesterday !! :) Got mine yesterday ..amazing phone!!
Thumbs up your getting the Note!!!!!﻿
damn annoying﻿ voice ... great phone though ^^
I just got this﻿ phone i love it!
No, you﻿ look up the stats. Clock speed isn't as important as processor. The international,at&t, and sprint versions have the exynos 1.2 ghz dual core processor. The T-mobile one has a 1.5 ghz snapdragon dual core processors. The exynos proccessors are far superior to the snapdragon processors. Therefore, the international version of the Samsung Galaxy Note is a better processor and clock speed than the superior model of the Samsung Galaxy S2
NOW BB AND IPHONE CAN﻿ FUCK EACH OTHER... SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE IS ALL THE WAY!!!
after using it, you wont feel the gigantic size, its an amazing phone.. all﻿ in one..
i love this phone only thing is that its to small for a tablet and a lil big for a phone﻿ but gr8 review!!
I love both phones but i prefer﻿ the iphone
screen on this phone by far looks way crisper than iphone 4s overrated﻿ retina display!
@mihayyyyyy﻿ get the note
id﻿ get the note if i were u
Nice review..Nice phone...But I think﻿ um gonna go for the brand new Galaxy S3 :)
I really wish﻿ people would get over the size of this thing. Its a little bigger so what? Why is that a bad thing? I cant tell you how many times Ive played games on my galaxy nexus and wished the screen was much bigger. This thing is what Ive been waiting for! Its all around amazing! I dont care what anyone says!
i have it for﻿ 3 weeks,im very happy....white colour.
Great review. I﻿ have this and it's a great phone for both business and leisure! Could not be happier with my purchase.
Definitely I would recommend this - It does fit even in a rather tight jeans pocket. I do most of what you stated as﻿ well. Suffice to say for both business and leisure... it's a great phone. I would recommend trying out the stylus and note drawing program to really get a feel for it - it exceeded my own expectations. Pictures and video taking are crisp and clear, and capable of full HD. Works great even in low light conditions. There's just too much good about this phone to put in comment box.
The s3 has﻿ a better processor but in my opinion the note is better. The screen is a lot more vivid and i think the note will still be seen as fashionable a long time after the s3.
galaxy note rockz even it is still w/ gingerbread.. i think next month it will be upgraded to ics .﻿ well note will be unbeatable device
ITS NOT REALLY A PHONE IT IS A TRANSITION BETWEEN PHONE AND TABLET. LIKE ME IF YOU HAD TO CARRY A PHONE AND A TABLET TO WORK - THIS IS IT NO MORE TABLET OR PHONE JUST THE GALAXY NOTE ALL IN ONE.LOVE﻿ IT LOVE3 IT LOVE IT....BRILLIANT.
i know but it hasn't got t-mobile branded on the phone﻿ plus its unlocked so not bad
I love this phone. I got no bitch hands so it isn't too big for me. The screen is so amazing i cant go above 40% brightness or my eyes will feel uncomfortable.﻿ LOVE Draw Something! on it.
Hi! A few days ago, after watching (several times) your review﻿ I gave in and bought a N7000! I am very happy with the phone. Thanks for the review!
I bet Draw﻿ Something would be good.
I found really useful app for Note! Search 'my gesture' in the market. It allow you to use﻿ Note by one hand
Get the Note, -no﻿ contest, i got one two weeks ago, - my iphone 4 hardly used now, used to the bigger screen, way to go.......
that pen will be nice﻿ in winter
Once you go Note, you'll never﻿ lose hope and it's so dope u be chillin with da pope iPhone? Nope.
amazing, except for the location of the﻿ micro sdhc
This phone looks awesome, thanks for the review im definitely going to get this phone﻿ today now that I've watched this video!
I couldn't﻿ choose between many phones on the market; but the pen sold the Note to me I always wondred why don't the phones have a pen with them
note is cool but its the slowest phone out﻿ there MAD slow
Got my samsung galaxy note﻿ today, the phone is amazing<3
Samsung﻿ is best
Go look at some online test﻿ comparing the phones side by side. Ive seen the galaxy s2 compared to the iphone 4s and s2 was slighty quicker. You need to snap of the iphone world and realise it stopped being special along time ago. Its only when you have owned an android phone you will realise how outdated iphones are. Ive had an iphone and bored real quick so went back to android
Please response! :) I want a phone, which it will be for games, films(important)! and thing like that. I want a big phone. Which phone should﻿ i buy( samsung galaxy note is my favourite)?
wow that's amazing﻿ I own fucking nokia﻿ 3310
@Syvmana Definitely get the Samsung﻿
i got mine yesterday omg i﻿ love it so much.
samsung phones for my opinion﻿ is better than apple phones
Great,﻿ just great but my only gripe with this phone is that it shows the time in 24hr format with with standard am/pm indicator showing, ANNOYING!!!!
Just bought this phone. Can't help but think I bought the massive handset to compensate for my tiny penis... but yeah,﻿ great phone.
Great phone. High horsepower, stylus, large screen...only problem: not enough developers make﻿ roms for it.
I think the Galaxy Note is better than﻿ the S III because of the stylus it should be easy to play drawing games and make notes :D
phone? tablet? , best of﻿ both
I hv white one... n﻿ it works awesome...
the best Smartphone ever made, better then oneX, s2, s3, 4s etc.. excellent screen and﻿ Mindblowing Battery.
I gathered white one and I love, love﻿ this phone.
Sorry..... I wrongly type it. I have﻿ the white one and I Love Samsung galaxy note.
i love to samsung﻿ note
Love﻿ this phone
Love﻿ this Phone
Kinda REALLY like it! Need it﻿ on SPRINT.
I just got this phone yesterday, its amazing even better﻿ in white
The best device device I've ever had. PS 5 years ago who would even think that Samsung﻿ will produce such amazing devices.
for what you want, you should choose either, it wouldnt matter much. but in general, the S3 has a quad core processor, the note has a dual. the s3 has a super amoled plus display , and im sure the note uses a super amoled. the s3 has ice cream sandwich (android 4.x.x) and the note has gingerbread. so all apps will be open for the s3, some apps might require ice cream sandwich so it might not work on the note, but itll wont be alot of them. both phones are﻿ great, theyre more than enough! :D
Cant decide wich color to pick (carbon blue???? or﻿ white) ! :S Both look good and classy even in plastic :)
That's one gigantic﻿ phone... I love it!
S3 Looks ugly (My﻿ Opinion)
should i get galaxy note or xperia s i need a higher density phone (xperia s) and a large screen (galaxy note) i need a better camera (xperia s) and a gud processor and i also need the S PEN and a larger battery and a expandable battery (galaxy note) so which one do i get cant decide the xperia s looks beautiful but it isnt large as the note and﻿ note doesnt have a better processor and a camera plz tell which to get (dont want s3 htc one x or xperia ion or gx cuz they are expensive for me )
looks a lot better in person. But hopefully the note 2 has a﻿ better design
get the galaxy note it's fantastic with the big screen, expandable memory and good battery. the s pen is pretty cool too. the camera and processor on the note﻿ is good enough and its also super thin and light :)
Awesome video, just got﻿ this phone. Awesome phone.
Just small﻿ enough to﻿ be a phone, just big enough to be a tablet. It's perfect.
Just small enough to be a phone. Just big enough to﻿ be a tablet. Perfection imho.
Love﻿ this phone
seems really cool, but kinda expensive :(﻿
iPhone is way too expensive,﻿ I would rather buy an Android that satisfies my needs for a good price.
hey! i bought this phone and it is great but after using it i leanred it was just not for me... i took it with me to the gym to use as an mp3 player but it was soo big and i was too worried about it while i was weight lifting because I didn't want to drop a dumbell on it. It's a good size on it's own but when you put﻿ an otterbox defender case on it, it's simply too big to use as a phone for me :(. I am also a university student and using this in class got me in trouble by the proff ..haha.
I love how minimalistic everything looks on the Note.. kinda want that on﻿ my Nexus!
The Galaxy Note is def. I have one. Love it. Big screens are where its at. Android should come out with a laptab.﻿ An 18 inch dual-screen laptop. Does everything a regular laptop does but when you close the side with the keyboard you can use the other side like a tablet and toy around with all your favorite Android apps. S pen integration. Even have both screens up at once so you can play 2 player games like battleship with the person on the other side.
I like it and got it... I just use it to play HD Games on it. Lisa, you did not mention in this video that﻿ it can play massive HD Games. Especially games on ONLIVE. Very very impressive results of games.
I have this phone and its the best phone ive ever had and ive had iphone's, HTC's, blackberry's etc. Its not too big atleast﻿ not for me, it makes other phones look like kids toys. Im not biased but apple are falling behind big time (plus you dont have to pay apple's extortianate prices).
A very good phone with a few minor issues. You will keep launching apps accidentally, the screen is very sensitive, even with a screen protector cover. Once you start to install apps; I have about 115 and rising, they can use approx 3/4 of the RAM although﻿﻿ android is pretty good at managing the RAM this can still lead to lag. Officially the documentation states it only supports 32GB but I use a SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC just insert it into the note and format.
this phone WILL be in my﻿ pocket in a few months. its the only touch phone that could manage my gigantic fingers
got one they are epic i had to go﻿ back to my galaxy s to get some files and it feels like i was holding a toy thats how bad it has gotten and will defiantly buy the note 2 on release
Watching this on my s3 though..maybe I made the wrong decision...nope, both great phones ;)﻿
I love my note but im still trying to﻿ figure out a technique to fit it in my pocket ...
Phone just keep on getting bigger and BIGGER!! Soon it﻿ will be the size of an computer screen -_- but when I compare the samsung galaxy note with the iphone i think Is this iphone made for midgets? XP
Epic 4G﻿ touch33
The best phone in the world!!!!﻿
i get mocked about the size of my galaxy note, but at the end of the day i know my phone is one of the best out there. Nothing compares to﻿ it and its brilliant. good for videos, web browsing, taking/ making notes, great thing to show off with. youve basically got a mini computer with this. Amazing and will never replace mine (i could never go to a smaller screen)
that depends to user, huge is great! you can do more with it! i﻿ just wounder if there application for Microsoft excel, MS word compatible for this Galaxy note????
yeah its mainly my mates saying how big it is and﻿ that it doesn't fit in my pockets. i quickly prove them wrong. i love the phone and wont give it up for anything. and i dont think i even move from a samsung phone. i just love them :D
I'm really considering upgrading to this from my now, boring iPhone 4. Can anyone give me some feedback? should i wait for the iPhone 5, or just get this one? It﻿ looks awesome and i love the pen!.. but its so big, how does it fit in anyones pockets???. I'm stalled and don't know what to﻿ do. :/
why do﻿ you care. I just like the pink one.
I had this phone finally!!! Cool android﻿
I'm searching for new phone. I'm wondering between Samsung Galaxy S3, HTC One X and now i see the Note which will cost me alot less and will do the same work.. continuing watching the review and maybe﻿ i will save few bucks :)
okay. i saw that you can flash cm10 on this phone, that alone made me want to sell my ipad 2 and lumia 800.﻿
i want a galaxy NOTE but i don't have enough money :( i really﻿ like it :(
I have samsung galaxy note and﻿ it's fantastic! :)
I hate samsung,﻿ but dunno why I like this one??
Leslie﻿ is that you? :D Jokiiing, great video,and in love with the phone :)
I am really really really digging this phone but I still must wait for the new iPhone, which is releasing soon.﻿ Apple has never failed to amaze me, but I am really loving this Samsung Note right now.
BEST PHONE EVER! ! !﻿
it's worth shedding out for one, the screen is EPIC , maybe a tad big but for web browsing and playing games etc it's soo good, go on ebay , you can﻿ pick one up for £270
wonderful.....phone﻿
It's amazing...big﻿ but really great!
this is just the best﻿ phone for me! galaxy s3-mweeeh to small
They have the best screen ever !﻿ (Samsung)
im getting the samsung galaxy﻿ note for my birthday in a few weeks so i'll be 15 cause my old phone decides to brake down on me(blackberry torch 9800). im really excited to get﻿ it! im just about to take my gcse's & im taking one of the hardest subjects i got told, art. I think this phone will help me to practice and also i can do homework on there and simply print it off. Im getting the one in white :)
best phone ﻿
Awesome review!! This seems like an awesome phone!! Thx a lot!! :)﻿
You﻿ will love this phone, I've had it since March and it's been the best phone I had and I've had many. Enjoy.
In my hair salon, I use this big baby﻿ to schedule haircut appointments with clients more conveniently. The phone works well with my apps, over AT&T's 4G LTE network out of Austin. I can keep track of time and remind customers about their appointments. It's pretty amazing.
I like the carbon blue........ it's really almost﻿ black
White.﻿ :) I got a white one. It's beautiful.
I have this phone, and I highly reccomend it﻿ to anyone.
Apple kicked off this whole trend and they had the best phone starting out but they haven't had to push themselves too hard after that as they were so overwhelming dominant. Nokia had to change their entire gameplan and is struggling, Sony had﻿ to buy Sony Ericsson to get into the space more actively, etc. But after that Apple has only done small changes whilst Samsung (along with Google with Android) has actually tried to innovate and differentiate and has succeeded with the Note and the S3.
This its a lot better, bigger, and cheaper. Although the s3﻿ is pretty awesome.
Your phone's battery needs to be replaced , your hearing is not good :) this is Galaxy Note there is no problems bro ! ﻿
See the Galaxy note with the Android Sandwish to see﻿ the real beauty of this phone !
nice phone, i﻿ did not understand half the things you said
i had the galaxy note now for 3 months is incredible (when i see my friends holding a iphone im like﻿ how can you even use that thing, looks like a childs toy)
Just ordered it today. The choice of smartphones is huge. Hopefully I'll﻿ not regret it :)
Boy﻿ this is a very cool phone!
no not at all, i have a captivate and that had problems, but this phone has been perfect so far, all i ca say is once you get it, its﻿ impossible to change, its the type of phone that people are afraid to get but if you use it for 2 hours size doesnt feel big anymore and after 1 day your completely in love with it
It should be delivered tomorrow morning! Looking forward to getting it, will﻿ sure beat the hell out of my iPhone which breaks or freezes at every given point.
Go for Galaxy note i'll be getting one after 10 months cuz i just wasted my money on a cheap handset will have to stick to it for a while and iPhone is all about monopoly﻿ u won't have the freedom of open source free ness like android does provide you. Choose wise live happy
mom is getting﻿ high on android^^ :)
This is very﻿ nice to brows Internet, watch movie, tv and YouTube.
I got one﻿ and love it. :) Everything you need organizer, drawing board, GPS, office applications etc. and have upgraded to android 4.0.4. nice phone.
they should of have called this phone a tablet in my opinion. its kinda big if you get what im saying but it is what it is. this phone/tablet is a﻿ beast though
Nice phone, but it's﻿ ENORMOUS :O
I love﻿ my galaxy note :)
I like the size... Just right for the in﻿ between... a phone and a tablet... I prefer larger screens to the smaller..
i have just bought one...twice as good as my iphone 4 dude..this note is amazing after using an iphone for years...no going back﻿ for me
yes it is...1000 times better than the﻿ iphone...i have watched films in mine with great enjoyment
i have both...no contest...this wipes the floor with it...surfing is just﻿ amazing..the iphone seems like a kids toy after using this beauty
no i have a 3500 amp battery coming anyday..even the standard battery wipes the floor﻿ with the iphone...all day surfing is easy
i bought the white...got a white leather﻿ case coming aswell..the..looks the dogs danglies
buy it...for﻿ surfing and watching videos it blows the iphone into orbit
spot on...no﻿ going back once u have a proper size screen
forgot to mention that﻿ the bluetooth on this beauty actually works...unlike the iphone..the iphone bluetooth doesn't work due to copyright regarding itunes
Thanks, I actually got the Galaxy Note. I'm﻿ in love with it. But I think I'm going to return it before the 30day period because the salesman told me the Galaxy Note two should be coming out soon.
Cool phone﻿
lol 5.3''? It's like holding a tablet to your face. ﻿ But bigger is better...
I love it. All the people who want a phone, go buy an s3, all the people who want a tablet go buy an asus transformer prime or a galaxy tab but for people like me who want a tablet and a phone in one THANK YOU SAMSUNG for making the﻿ note. and the note 2 looks even more awesome. SO dont criticize, there is a reason for its design.
thanks for this. Heaven forbid actual reviewers like you go the Blunty3000﻿ way and claim to be super honest and unbiased reviewers, only to go and slander *all other reviewers that rate Samsung products positively* by calling them samsung's lapdogs....before promptly removing the comments and blocking those people who see through him and call out the great hypocrisy his personality is. If you want to﻿ know what i mean, go to his 'SAMSUNG CAN EAT MY...' video. listen to how he loses face.
nerd jk but﻿ nice phone
Great for porn﻿
I like it. I have a﻿ BB I use for calls and text but I would like this for watching movies, surfing the web, social apps, games JUST FOR ENTERTAINMENT :)
Very in-depth review. Nice job. I wasn't very sure about getting it before because it is a lot of money but it looks like it's﻿ worth it.
which website/store did you get this deal from? i'm in the﻿ UK too, and £26 a month is sounding gooooood
looks amazing my sister maybe﻿ buy it
4.1 is jelly bean isn`t it? Mine is﻿ 2 weeks old and has 4.0.4 so not upgraded yet.. I`m guessing that I won`t see much difference in the functionality when upgraded then. BTW its an awesome phone..
wrong, the Ipad / Ipad 2 will not be upgraded in CPU as seen from bisecting the updates this tablet has a Dual Core Tegra Nvedia Core which is better in specs and has cameras while the front camera of the Ipad 2 from bisecting updates is 0.3 MP as oppsesed to the Xoom with a higher﻿ camera for front facing
Dual-core Tegra II !?!? THAT CAN POWER THE WORLD!!!!﻿
but the Xoom has better﻿ specs.
Yea, so that makes them close to the same﻿ price? because the xoom has better specs
it looks really nice,﻿ better than the ipad
@Caseyds620 DUDE I LOVE ANDROID u dumb @ss who dosent like Honeycomb 3.0 with adobe flash 10.1 and other goodiehs the ipad is basiclly a iphone on a bigger screen﻿
The ipad dosent even have cameras what makes you think it can﻿ beat the Xoom in any way
The Motorola "Xoom" is so fast that the letter X﻿ Came Before Z
i completely agree, and i would prefer the xoom over﻿ ipad any day.
itll have a 0.3 megapixel worse than the xoom's and it wont have a﻿ CPU upgrade and no retina screen and no flash 10.1 and it wont be cheaper trust me :D
I"m curious to see how the OS Runs. iPad runs smooth, but﻿ its different then Android. These specs are fantastic, I'm just hoping Android 3.0 really takes advantage the hardware.
Yes!!! 720p! thats﻿ all I need a tablet for!!!! totally worth 800$ sounds great huh?!
the i pad has half﻿ the CPU of this monster and a quarter of the ram how is this crap, the only thing thats crap is your logic
I got﻿ the xoom because It will is better then the ipad and will on the same level as ipad 2. But look out for HP touchpad and blackberry playbook
the iPad's a year old, keep that in mind when comparing. But no, this is not﻿ crap. FINALLY some competition. Always makes everyone else better.
ipad (iphone for fat fingers) is shit compared to this monster let's not forget that ipad is an year old which is way﻿ too much for this industry...
Ipad﻿ is has no more functionality than an ipod touch. Ipad sucks.
If the Ipad 2 just beats the XOOM just a litttle bit with a better screen. But not Hardware. The XOOM will always beat the Ipad because it﻿ has Android :D
that﻿ auto focus is amazing :D
The games for the Xoom are supposed to be really cool. "The best games for the Xoom Review" would be neat.﻿
Motorola Xoom is﻿ better than ipad.
Ugly ugly UGLY!! honeycomb is quite nice﻿ though.
i think its good looking, not many items are as good looking as the ipad but cant say this is better or worse. i think the aspect ratio is weird in portrait but it makes sense realy. the aspect ratio really does suit tablet use.... just not in﻿ portrait. i think honeycomb is beautiful and it just is the best tablet operating system at the moment. im interested in what apple are up to but i dont think they make something better than honeycomb
The best tablet with the most﻿ insulting advertisement.
After having an iPhone for about 2 years before iPad, my honest first impression of it was that it's essentially a bigger, heavier iPhone. I wasn't impressed with iOS on iPad. I was expecting a new interface,﻿ something new at least. But in the end, it's just the OS I have on my iPhone on a bigger screen. I feel like the Xoom might be what I envisioned the first tablet to be like. A kind of hybrid OS between mobile and desktop. Well done Xoom. Hopefully your longevity can hang.
Ooh darling look﻿ at that view! Let me get out my 10.1 inch motorola xoom!!
The XOOM was good but the﻿ focus was bad
I think it's a decent tablet, but they overhyped themselves with that﻿ CES video. Not that great..
This is obviously way better than that giant﻿ iPod touch
Awwww...now that's a tablet﻿
Isn't the iPad around the same price if you get 3G though? Also this isn't a POS at all and not what I meant by my comment. There are other Honeycomb tablets out there that are cheaper. Also, an iPad﻿ with the same specs won't do much but keep current Apple fans, since I personally think (note, this is my opinion) that Android is a more powerful and customizable OS.
How is it everyone is saying this thing is over priced when the 3g/wifi version of the Ipad is $70.00 cheaper but has no camera no﻿ dual processor and no expandable memory option or 4g upgradeable.... I dont understand how $70.00 more is to much. you all did not cry when apple priced their device so why cry now?
so what if it is expensive? it is cool and it it jon's﻿ money anyways!
Cool is great tablet.﻿ Enjoy
Motorola﻿ Xoom is so cool
the﻿ point of that camara is also for the video calls...that way you can switch camaras during a video call, its actually really useful ;)
I like how they put angry birds right﻿ on the box lol
Damn,﻿ looks pretty cool
Better than the ipad.﻿
a lot of money? you must be poor...﻿ also, barely costs more than crapple ipad... and actually has dual core, two cams, and real multitasking... FOOL.
a lot of money?﻿ you must be poor... also, barely costs more than crapple ipad... and actually has dual core, two cams, and real multitasking... FOOL. And how can you complain about price when you love apple so much??? APPLE IS THE MOST OVERPRICED TECH OUT THERE!!!!!!
That honeycomb boot up is very nice.﻿
After having an iPhone for about 2 years before iPad, my honest first impression of it was that it's essentially a bigger, heavier iPhone. I wasn't impressed with iOS on iPad. I was expecting﻿ a new interface, something new at least. But in the end, it's just the OS I have﻿ on my iPhone on a bigger screen. I feel like the Xoom might be what I envisioned the first tablet to be like. A kind of hybrid OS between mobile and desktop. Well done Xoom. Hopefully your longevity can hang.
iPad﻿ looks ugly compared to xoom
Nice Jon, I reviewed mine today and I must say, nice device, I have an iPad and I do like the way it handles, but after trying the xoom today I can say totally high tech, verizon sent it to me with the sim card and activated and everything runs awesome, YouTube looks better in the xoom than in the iPad, and the graphics are pretty nice on games like call of duty: zombies.. It is expensive but I must say﻿ worth the money, I can wait for the update on software ..
same size screen as the standard netbook. That is uber cool.﻿
wow, that thing is﻿ a Beast!
Great Tablet, make the﻿ Review of HoneyComb!
The Motorola Xoom tablet is very cool and I want﻿ to get one but it's in Verizon and Verizon sucks and I have AT&T and AT&T is the best network. I wish the Motorola Xoom tablet with Android 3.0 Honeycomb is on AT&T.
ur a retard i﻿ pad is shytttttttt its just an ipod buh bigger
LMFAO!!!﻿ u clearly don't know what ur talking about right now cuz ipad is the 1 of the worst tabs on the market right now
I personally like the xoom better. But hey that is just﻿ me ,get off my jock.
It may be good, but still a verry expensive﻿ Tablet.
It may be﻿ good, but still a verry expensive Tablet.
i love the ipad 2 and this... but ill get this when is not $800. Becuse in﻿ about a year the price will drop.
this much better than ipad, cause of the tablet android, memory expansion etc, the ipad even in its second generation is yet to convince me that it is anything more﻿ than a giant iphone, which really sucks.
actually after further review, the ipad looks quite tacky when put next to the xoom from the head on screen angle where the ipad has that visible silver border from coming from the back, i think that it doesn't look very clean and makes the area around the screen seem unnecessarily bigger which is bad in my books, the area around the screen was﻿ big enough to begin with on the ipad, therefore the xoom is much more attractive personally in that particular respect.
it depends if you like Android 3.0 I personally love all android devices which aremuch better than ios (in my opinion). The Xoom looks fantastic, plus where do you think you are﻿ going to find iPad 2's when they are sold out everywhere...
I think that the Xoom would be much better than the iPad 2 for multiple reasons! 1.﻿ The Xoom offers a 5 mgp camera and from what I see my iPod touch has a 0.7 mgp camera, I'm sure the iPad 2 will have a pretty bad camera too! 2. The Xoom runs android, now you may be thinking, so a lot of tablets run android and a lot of new tablets have android 3.0! It was the first with 3.0. We tested it at Best Buy and we love it. Even though the iPad 2 impressed us with it's thiness
i had a choice of ipad 2 or motorola xoom﻿ i chose xoom ive never had android before
at first i wanted to buy﻿ ipad2 but then i changed my mind! i have to buy this shit!!!
is﻿ more expensive than the ipad but is better than the ipad
Honestly, I think that Apple is slowly losing its hold over the mobile market, especially considering the fact that Android OS﻿ is open-source and that a lot of the popular applications that are on the App Store are being made available for Android.
its nice but the playbook its﻿ batter :-)
tis definetly...the play book isnt bad but the﻿ hardware isnt good either
Xoom is much cheaper than the﻿ iPad 2 here in UK.
Im watching this﻿ on the xoom and its AWESOME!!!
lol what xoom﻿ for sure
wachin this on my xoom. so much better than the I pad in my opinion.﻿
The Xoom is a really good quality﻿ tablet, get it
I have this one and it is awesome i am using﻿ it rigth now
actually the acer 10.1﻿ version is solid
nice. i'll add that﻿ one to the list of great tabs.
Flimsy Cover? i disagree. I﻿ held it in bestbuy the other day and it felt very solid and had a decent amount of grip to it.
Nothing can fit in the pockets of skinny jeans you fruit cake!! I have this tablet and its awesome and i have none off the fabricated﻿ problems that he described in this terrible review!!!
Well I just got mine yesterday. Yes, I experienced couple crashes. BUT it isn't bad! Maybe u don't know anything abt tech. Especially that﻿ bitch. U SUCK!!
1. It's not a big iPhone, you can't compare an Android product with an iPhone trash can. Please.﻿ Do not, ever, compare an iPhone with an Android product. I've had mine for a while now, it doesn't crash, it doesn't freeze, it's not slow, the browser is super fast. And once again, you compared it to an iPad? C'mon dude, we all know Android is above and beyond the iPhone/pod/pad/trash. You sir, are a typical iPhone user lmao. #nobrain
no man dont listen to theese guys. its awesome, i have﻿ one, and its very smooth and faster than my laptop.
I have this tablet and love it. Are this people paid to say such odd things? Do they really check the products or ...???? I'm realizing that lately some products are not so good as tech media says and others﻿ are much better than what they say.
I picked one of these up last night. The battery lasted 5 hours before I had to charge it, but that wasn't in constant video playback mode.﻿ That was me using it to surf around, install a ton of apps, watch a bit of YouTube, do some email, etc. Not too bad, and the price was $250 or so. I didn't plan to buy it, but on the shelf it impressed me. I was going to look at 10" tabs, and this one I took home and saved the cash. It's fast. Battery is the only concern for me.
I agree it is a﻿ horrible review. This thing is amazing
this would be the best 7" tablet on the﻿ planet if the battery wasnt so fawkin small!!! 1200mah or something like that, the next smallest is like 3500mah.
Best tablet﻿ for the price, pound for pound.
Personally i think its a great tablet and almost unbeatable at the price point with constant usage I get about 5﻿ hours from the battery. Worst review ever! Maybe he wouldn't be so pissed if he had a pair of relax fit jeans
this is cute tablet. battery life is decent. 10ich tablets are almost the size of﻿ a laptop.
got it for 3 moths now,﻿ cool but baterry sucks
Yep, this is why I don't watch G4, these guys are clueless. He's recommending the Vizio 8 in. tablet at the end. It runs 2.3 android, fucking idiot add to that just 500 mb ram!!! A100 is much more comparable to a "PC" then the Vizio. I'm about to pull﻿ the trigger on this bad boy, but I'm going research a bit more... BTW on ebay, you can get the V100 via Acer's ebay account for 204 bucks!!! It comes with a return policy too!
i got mine for $283 at bestbuy after tax and i did crash few times but for mobility i dont use it non stop﻿
I got mine about four days ago but it fell out its case (no fault to the tablet) and landed on concrete. The screen chiped but didnt break but with walmarts 15 day money back policy i was able to get a new﻿ one but overall a very nice table and with the software, its being upgraded to 4.0.3 in april.
I really love this tablet g4 is clueless it﻿ kind of easy to carry around and for a great price
I got it on sale at Gamestop of all places. Came with a﻿ wireless game controller and a crap ton of games they loaded on it. Cost me like $239 after all was said and done. For what it does (Internet, Games, Netflix, Movies ect...), this thing is pretty solid. I can't imagine anyone not loving it for the pittance it cost.
I ended up winning one on ebay, $187 for it, slightly used with a leather case and extra 4GB of memory. I really like the A100, everything runs smooth, first time I used anything other than Windows OS. Android is not that tough to figure out and is a real good OS. It runs off﻿ of Linux Kernel so there you have it. A100 plays Flash videos which is pretty neat. I really like this thing a lot. The only thing this review had right is the battery consumption, it runs more like a laptop.
The battery is brutal! I was playing Shadow Gun on a road trip and 3 hours in﻿ she was dying =/ Other than that it's solid, and rarely do I game on this thing uncorded. As an ereader/browser I generally get 5 hours, which is more than enough for me. I've never been a person who has to be untethered for 12 hours at a time or i go nanners.
your review suck the acer iconia A100 is a great tablet plaus who use a tabet﻿ for more than 4 hours
Im on this tablet right now, I don't have any problems at all, UNTIL THE UPDATE, now it will sleep and refuses to wake up, I just turn it off or leave it﻿ on charger if I'm not using it, like 3 days ago before the update this was a near flawless machine, can't wait for the patch or whatever it is to fix this minor glitch
im on one right now and it works fine. I gave my iPad2 to my wife. got tired of if. paid $249﻿ at Wal-Mart.
I﻿ own both I pad 64gb and the acer a100 I like the acer better I owned both Mac and windows and andrids.the IPad sucks my acer is better way better the iPhone and iPad nano are bad ass after steve died windows has caught up to Mac on the laptop fild and has long been better at tablets
While streaming movies? I'd say﻿ it's right around 2.5 - 3 hours. I had netflix running and the battery starting moving pretty quick. Again I didnt buy this tablet to watch movies on it all day lol. The screen does have a "hotspot" when viewing at it but I never looked at it as a problem- only if there is 2+ people trying to watch. I only paid $250 ( $220 without tax ) but you can find it online for about 190 also their is the Google Nexus for $200 (8gb or 16) Check it
They don't heat up like laptops do. I wouldn't worry about overheating﻿ if that is your concern.
Wow this review sucks... There was no real reviewing... Benchmark tests for this device weren't the best but are definitely up the with the best. Great processor, great RAM, pretty good cameras and as far as battery life goes, I don't know of any tablet that will do everything it does like receiving emails and fb updates and twitter updates etc every 10 mins while﻿ playing/streaming movies or music and browsing the web or whatever and still have hella battery life.
Not to mention it looks like they just updated it or at least got the play store update. I always recommend backing up your info and doing a hard reset after any OS update to get rid of any "stale" files left over from the previous OS... Also Honeycomb is a﻿ good OS but ICS brings more functionality
Haters I have this tablet this﻿ review is underrated it does not freeze the only thing I agree with is the battery life 5hours big deal
Do i need 3 hours﻿ of battery lol no and it lasts 5
Since it's considered "Pro" it's obviously a high end device and so far the Huawei products have been significantly cheaper than the competition but have if not﻿ the same specs, just a little bit behind. my friends have been swaying me away from this product but a)none of them actually tried one b)they have been going off of people bad mouthing Huawei products. i look at it like this, Apple products weren't that great a first but because of mass production and testing, they're good
Where can you get that dock, and when will the﻿ S7 Pro be released. Love your products.
Hi, glad you love our products. We will keep you updated on news of the IDEOS S7 Pro. Watch this﻿ space.
Here in Serbia is 300 Euros. The best tablet around﻿ for that price.
Bought one the day it was available and returned it less than 24 hours later. The speakers and﻿ screen sensitivity were great. But it wouldn't connect to the Android Market. Kept giving error messages. I recorded a short video and during playback, there was a horrible noise that seemed to be in sync with the time index bar that moves along as the video plays. The microphone was terrible. I had to hold the unit inches from my mouth in order for my speech to be recognized, and I speak clearly.
So how can this be﻿ good for video chatting if the microphone barely picks up audio? Also had trouble getting a GPS satellite lock. I really wanted to like this unit because it felt good in the hand and the price was really good. But there were just too many negatives about it so it wasn't worth keeping.
I found an IDEOS S7 Silm in a pawn shop for $125 a few weeks ago. Best $125 I've spent all year. Have enjoyed this little tablet immensely. I couldn't imagine getting more enjoyment out of an iPad at 4x the price. It does everything﻿ I'd ever expect from a tablet. Flash video works perfectly. It's also built like a tank. Had the S7 in the passenger's seat hooked up listening to some tunes and had to brake a little hard. It went flying into the floorboard. Didn't even put a scratch on it.
nice i will buy﻿ it
The UI is freaaaaakiiiinnnngggg sweet!! I would take it over touchwiz!﻿
I thought it would be ugly but if looks﻿ nice. I love Sony products so I really want one bug no money :(
This looks like a good tablet but it's not for me because I usually use devices in portrait mode but this tablet looks like it's not designed for portrait :(﻿
nice tablet..﻿
i like﻿ the music/video player design :)
i like it, its pretty﻿ cool and unique
the screen looks amazing﻿
This is a very nice﻿ piece of tech but the camera sucks, and audio is HORRIBLE.
awesome tablet, looks great with a unique design.﻿ one of the best tablet in the market
I hate sony but this actually﻿ looks good.
The best gallery in android ever.﻿ Almost that impressive like the fist time i did watch the iphones album view. Very good review
It﻿ actually doesn't seem too bad lol nice
Refreshing design. I'd like to see higher resolution cameras though, and maybe a full sized usb port for easy connection with my PS3 controller. Overall I'd say this is still a pretty solid device. Great﻿ in depth review by the way.
What i love about sony is that they actually try to be unique with their﻿ designs and software etc. Unlike Samsung. Seriously their tablets are almost identical to the iPad
He did say the other usual crappy out there get over it god﻿
there is plenty of incentive to buy a non apple tablet. apple sucks plain and simple. im not just saying that because i love android, I'm saying it because i have always hated apple even before android came out. why﻿ buy something that isnt customizable in the least bit.
