Still an Alfa - surprised it﻿ didn't broke during the review
good profile, ugly front, and the boot is a little bulgy.... and the car is a bit﻿﻿ the same also
Gay-car.﻿
This car is just ugly, anyone that doesn't think so must have real bad taste; no﻿ its not subjective somethings can be objectively ugly, its true.
This car fulgy btw compared to the Giulietta﻿
300 quid for Ipod connectivity? I am sure some whiz kid can fit your MiTo with a makeshift Ipod connection in no time for a pinch,﻿ lol...
It's already 2012, and it's the first time I've heard that iPod﻿ connectivity is not standard...... C'mon even the Ford Fiesta has voice command as standard in the top trim level (ASEAN model)﻿ I'll only make exceptions if the car was a track special like a Porsche 911 GT3, BMW M3 GTS or Porsche Cayman R, but no this isn't one of those stripped out high performance cars!
this﻿ types of cars look bad with the front license plate :(
u﻿ can't really drive this car unless ur a male italian or a girl
Makes me want to drive it? Why would I wanna drive a car that looks like a roach up front. No thank you.﻿
You're too pretty to be seen in a car like﻿ that.
Who made iPod a standard? I do not own it. I do not own a single Apple product, nor am I﻿ planning to. A 3.5 mm AUX socket and a USB port must be standard on every car, also MP3/WMA/FLAC playback should be supported on any connected device, from thumb drive to old-fashioned CD media. Geez, I cannot buy a decent CD boombox nowadays, they all come with iPod dock.
good looking car,but its a heap﻿ of shite
Overpriced unreliable peace of Italian S**T. its﻿ basically a nasty Punto underneath. the 159 was the last true Alfa.
It is a nice little hatchback, but I prefer the Audi A1﻿ (I know, it is much more expansive).
punto evo sporting all the way﻿
I reaaly PREFER﻿ THE A1!:D
however this model is the top range and it's called Quadrifoglio﻿ which means four-leaf clover...that name is the sport range...even Giuletta has this sport version...is like RS for Renault or RS for Audi...however the engine is not the best on market!
I don't know... But Alfa Romeo's are boring to me... And actually kind of ugly. Those bug eyes and that stupid small﻿ grill looks a bit crappy to me. Alfa Romeo's may be a 'Drivers car', but they're nothing special to look at. A Lexus CT200h or the new Mazda 3 is much nicer looking, more reliable, more equipment, more space... Can someone PLEASE explain the appeal of Alfa's to me? 'Cause I just don't get it.
Is the fake carbon fibre Italy's answer to rice? I guess we could﻿ call it spaghetti instead.
well it would be better﻿ if it were standard on a car that is much more expensive than a Ford Fiesta! USB is fine, but on a high end car.... for 300 quid, that costs more than an iPod touch!
that material﻿ looks so 90s. Not a good thing.
What? Carbon fiber, body kits, body stickers??? sounds like a chav's trip to halfords﻿ to me! All that's missing is blacked out windows and a huge bolt on loud exhaust pipe.
How about the price as a﻿ big fail!!
Hmm I'd disagree with this video... Having owned one...The fuel economy is well not amazing 30mpg max... Wind and road noise isn't amazing... however the worst is the interior quality which ins't amazing... Too many cheap materials i'm afraid hard plastics.... Means if you fork out £600 for the Bose like I did it will rattle. However forgive that and it's great to drive and petrol engines are lovely! Diesels are bad and I mean bad...sound like a blooming tractor. Also dealers are poor still!﻿
Matt's Girlfriend made good viewing the﻿ quite good car but isn't pleasant to me.ю
I have had a mito for 3 years now and has﻿ broken down 4 times, reliable they are not!
The﻿ shifter is slobby, so dont feel down! lol
they shouldn't have upgrades for a car like this... there should be no﻿ base price.... They should build in all that additional stuff into one price because its not like somebodys going to be like "oh i don't want to run up the cost of my third-of-a-million car by adding TVs for a couple grand"
WTF did they﻿ stuff in that thing to make $300,000!!! From the features the guy stated in the video I'd think it's only worth $100,000. From what saw I'd rather go with an Audi A8 for a third of the price.
It depends what Acura. So tell me, WTF makes the Rolls Royce so freakin﻿ expensive? It definitaly isn't technology, features and looks.
What is this world comming to! A button to close the door? Get the butler to do﻿ it, lazy bastard!
another 3300 bux for the toilet...so you dont need a house and a car....just have a RR...!﻿
SiriusRonLunaAreCool The refrigerator is in the middle of the seat just under the center console. The drink cabinet with 2 wine glasses( or 4) is situated behind the arm rest in the﻿ middle.
I love bikes, but﻿ cars over bikes anyday! I dont care how fast the bike can go!
What I think you meant to say is, CBR﻿ > ALL
hahah..what happens if you hit a small bump at 60mph in a porsche? you feel a shake, but certainly you don't fly and smash your head in a side﻿ pole. The porsche may be scared of the ninja but it's 10x safer, and that's what counts.
how about you go fuck your self? that would be interesting. I don't have a porsche and I don't like porsches. I don't like bikes and I have clear reasons why, and they are far better than beeing a big fuck on the road. That's what I said from the begining...I am pro CARRRR...I'm sure there are a lot of other brands in the auto industry than porsche. oke? try reading my﻿ post more carefully before replying like a idiot.
NICE but﻿ i love my R1
ugly﻿ bike
Porshe sucks in every way , superbikes sucks also because it's not for the﻿ streets - people are killing themselves on this !
Spot on, the truth hurts! Antiquated technology at a premium price! IDIOTS!﻿
your just﻿ bummin cause you bought one of them over priced piece of SHlTS!
I own a Harley and I think this video is funny, you have to be able to laugh at things like this. Yes there was a time when Harley-Davidson had a bad name and built a bad product "The AMF years" Aswer this if they are so bad and sux why has every other﻿ company offered a bike that looks just like a Harley since the design patent was up, I guess it's true, imitation is the best form of flattery.
The obsolete form of suspension thing,﻿ so true lol. And you're right, Erik Buell got screwed by HD.
i ve always thought harleys were overpriced ..... but the fact that the design hasnt changed much is coz thats what the most HD riders have always wanted﻿ ... when i saw buell the first thing that came to my mind was-" is there anyway i can stick a springer front end on this one?" .....
It is sad to see what HD has become. I am proud to say I take showers and brush my teeth. I don't wear anything that say Harley-Davidson and I make an honest buck. I don't like outsourcing and I still love my Dyna.All of the after market parts I have bought have been made in the USA. LePera seat, Edelbrock heads, Mikuni Carb, Thunderheader 2 into 1 exhaust, twin tech ignition and more. I look at the labels of all﻿ the clothing or other goods that I buy and buy 90 % Made in the USA. Be proactive.
When you buy HD what you are buying or﻿ rather what they are selling you is a make believe culture that has not existed in 30 years. The concept is so vail thin that a 5 year old could see through it. What is pathetic about it is that most of the people who purchase HD have memorized the marketing psalms line and verse and built their entire lives around something that does not exist (i.e., pagan religion) HD used to be a counter-culture, now pop culture. They've become that they used to abhor.
Harley Davidson is very overrated and overpriced. My stephdad sold his Harley Davidson Fat Boy because even though it was well maintained, it had to be brought back to the dealer too often. Now i'm older and i own a Honda Shadow and i love it. 25.000 km so far and i only had to bring﻿ it to the dealer for normal maintenance twice and i only had to pay around 3000 euro's for it.
HARLEY, Y U NO MAKE REAL SPORTS BIKES NO MORE? the Xr1200 is a joke compared to a CB1000R. And THEY COST THE FUCKING SAME, the CB1000R has far more features packed into it. WTF??? and why is buell no more? FUCK THEY ARE﻿ SCREWED!
Responding to 2 posting here: First post. Heritage and honor what your forefathers have done? Well gee wilber I guess I should be grateful that someone invented 6v systems, but then time marches on and 12v seemed the more logical choice. Heritage= broken down on the side of the fuckin road. Second post. How many classic metrics? MANY!!!!! Just because there are more morons﻿ that buy into the Hpee scene does not mean the bike is worth a flyin fuck. Ever heard of KZ's GSXR's Ducatti?
Only paid $4800 for my 06 Roadster...Never would spend $20,000 on a bike, regardless of its maker. As far as harley garb is concerned? Don't buy, and dont feel the need to advertise. I am more of a retro guy, just not my style! However,﻿ I do love my ride!
Be proactive about what. The US economy?? Problem is that even if I rode a Victory, the HD loyalist still view it as inferior. Don't make an arguement about buying american made products﻿ when the techonology base of HD as not changed in 50 years, but dang they sure make some nice products with the HD logo on them. The last time I was at the HD dealer they had reading glasses, bowling balls and diapers with the logo emblazoned on them.
Shure you can go and buy a Kawasaki VN900...and you'll have and excellent bike that won't brake down for years to come. Ofcourse you'll have to trade in the head turns when you pass by, the iconic sound of of the V-twin﻿ and the feeling of driving a piece of history. If you want a racebike, buy a Suzuki GSX, if you want a Tourer buy a BMW R1200GS. If you'r in for cruising the town...there is nothing in the world that commes close to a HD.
Yes Harley does over charge for there﻿ sh!t that's y I go to jpcycles for all my bike needs. But I ain't seen jap bike yet that could even compare to a Harley. Japs rule in the crotch rocket world but they need to leave the cruisers to Harley bc they just don't get it. Ride to live!
Why tha hell should i buy somting overpriced lumpy thing that cant break for shyt and are no funn in corners just to keep som forigners in work? Harly didnt make any good bikes before they got help from the germans to make﻿ the v-rod.
HARLEY IS FOR﻿ FAGGOTS. HAHAHAHAHAH. BRUMMMMMMMMMMM
WOW!!!! I first watched your this is my KLR 650 video.... Awesome. That's my exact outlook on motorcycling. Ive put almost 50,000 miles Offroad on my KLR 250 over the past 15 years and I just I just bought a KLR 650 last year. I'm also a Buell XB9s owner and feel it is the best street bike﻿ ever created. I Bought it brad new from Eric himself back in 2003. currently have put on about 30,000 on it. Awesome videos, and screw Harley. Eric will be a Icon and an great legend forever.
Actually the Japanese have been making some pretty nice "copy-cat Harleys" the past few years. Check out the Yamaha Raider, Suzuki Boulevard, Honda VTX1800. I think the new Honda Fury is a pretty cool bike. I think Harleys are still good, though some people just don't have﻿ the extra disposable income to afford them. It's not so much their technology or engineering prowess, it's American's pride and patriotism that keeps them in business.
@Stridersng1 I understand. I go through the same thing about BMW and Mercedes cars. I think the engineering and quality, (at least in the late 80s to mid 90s cars), are unmatched by any other car manufacturer. But I get comments of how expensive they are to maintain. They really aren't if know how to use﻿ tools and find parts on the internet. Though YouTube is filled will many immature idiots that have nothing better to do than be ignorance or start childish arguments and name calling.
HD - midlife crisis on wheels. Strictly for has beens that hope desperately that it will impress the soccer﻿ moms. Guess again.
I thought I wanted a harley once, then I﻿ test rode one, what a POS, it vibrated like crazy and felt like a school bus on 2 wheels in the corners, sportbikes rule!
yup and you best be prepared to pick up that chrome hunk﻿ of shit after you slam it in the parking lot
Man, you hit the nail right on the head﻿ with that video! I was a H-D mechanic for 20 years, but I never bought into the hype. I rode a Sportster (XLX 61) because it was the closest thing to a Triumph they made. I could blow the Big Twins' doors off with it. My wife rides a Buell Blast exactly like the one he wadded up for an add. Screw him.
Harleys﻿ = shit. Harley owners = posers/midlife crisis sufferers.
Ya know,I really love my Harley,but am almost embarrassed to ride it anymore because of all the jackasses out there that give them a bad name.These young guys that run there mouth just have some growing up to do,I get that,but these guys in their 40s,50s and so on,to look down your nose at some﻿ one that rides a honda,or whatever...C'mon man!Maybe that guy wants a Harley,and just can't afford it.Maybe,just maybe he likes that Honda.
man. i ride Harley. and i really like my bike. but﻿ i dont like the HD company... i dont like their commercial aggressive greed.. i find them hypocrites. and i really find this video funny
too much money on their hands? dude harleys are﻿ shit loads more than a jap bike.
Todays Harley's are not the Harley's of the 1940's, the additions are good just like the additions﻿ of the 1st, 2nd and the rest of the amendments (additions) to the US Constitution. If you add weight to your body by overeating or by adding muscle, it's still you, just with additions added be they good or bad. It's still the the US Constitution and a Harley is still a Harley, with additions. . . . . Understand now?
I would love to own an american made motorcycle, but nobody makes a decent one. I can't think of anything hardleys excel at. Help me out. They are loud, heavy,handle like shit,gutless(I outran﻿ one on a 650cc dualsport,his girlfriend was laughing @ the next light)overpriced,expensive to maintain,etc. People that buy them are buying an image.Gay bar buttless chaps and a bike that screams "look at me I own overpriced junk" Cool huh? Ridden em all, don't get it. Only in America.
lol﻿ awesome vid ...I hate Harleys
I have one question for every sucker that got duped into buying one﻿ of these POS bikes.... IF HARLEY DAVIDSON BUILT AN AIRPLANE WOULD YOU FLY IN IT? Didn't think so.
Especially if you were piloting it...﻿ Crotch Crap!
@Stridersng1 Look buddy, I can afford a dozen of those piles﻿ of shit, but it would be a cold day in hell before I'd buy one of those shitbox noisemaker pieces of shit. Yesterdays technology at tomorrows prices! No reason whatsoever for making an engine with a single throw crankshaft, with one connecting rod coming out the side of the other! Get over the non-sense and go out there and experience a decent motorcycle, and you will laugh at harleys just like all the rest of us that know do.
The problem is, is that it isn't true. The imports employ many Americans. They build many of their bikes, Atvs, and other items here. While harley out-sources and now built a plant in India. Ask the Wisconson plant workers if they will ride a harley. You would be surprised at what﻿ those guys will tell you. Wake up and understand that harley has excellent marketing ploys using patriotism and other means to hook its customers. All this to hide the fact that they won't evolve.
BAHAHAHA HARLEYS ARE﻿ PIECES OF SHIT BUDDY
harleys﻿ are by far the most overrated, overpriced, and unreliable machines on the road in america.
It's funny cause it's true. I would never buy those overpriced heaps of junk, with old ass technology. It's the same with the American V8. How the hell can you only manage about 250 hp from an engine size that Mercedes can make 500﻿ hp from? And the Merc still has better gas milage!
Harley Davidson =﻿ Indian Motorcycles Wannabe
I love all motorcycles Harleys too...but first off they are pricing themselves out of the market. The average joe can't afford one. Since there is no Buell Blast and HD needs a new entry level bike they are going to build one....in fucking India. A lot of the parts on HD's are made in China or Japan....so you can keep the "American Made" shit. HD sells a image not bikes, walk into﻿ a dealer and see how many bike they have and see how much clothing...it's like 75% clothing.
ahah funny, im a huge harley fan always have been put some of the jokes in this he makes are true they sell out to patriotic hertiage idea which makes harleys a little over priced. but he forgot to mention all the amazing qualities harleys have and the millions of dollars of engineering that﻿ goes into harley davidson. They are very advanced bikes and very reliable. I just hate those rice rockets becuase they sound like a baby farting and are uncomfortable to ride.
Yeah please "start" on resale value please! Pay $20G's sell for $6 a couple years later. Good one. If harley has an advanced computer to control an engine that uses one rod journal and has one connecting rod coming out the side of the other, that is about like putting a computer on a wheel barrel. A well built cruiser would be a Triumph or Yamaha, as they win the mag's shoot outs every damn time. So go ahead﻿ and lie to yourself and try to convince others that harley is worth a shit
Not everybody and to be honest it wouldn't be hard to copy... It's the brand that makes the difference. Some companies copy that style for a few models only to sell them in US and to take advantage of the poor Harley network around the rest﻿ of the world. For sure many people like that brand style and image but you have to admit for such a thing and especially outside US the prices are insane.
You really wanna know the answer to why others try to copy it? Because folks like you are so brainwashed to believe that is the only motorcycle, that other companies try to make a copy to sell bikes. Because of people like you, you make motorcycle companies go backwards rather then forwards to make this crap. The only one to come close in making as bad of crap is Victory, you﻿ have that one right!
It's really a shame. Its been a clever scheme that harley has incorporated to sell nostalgia. Imagine if the auto industry would do it. Making new Model A Fords and selling them for 100G's! ﻿ What has always bothered me is that if I want to race, I have to buy an import bike because harley offered nothing but garbage. Erik was treated like crap, not given a decent engine until the last years. Finally had a Rotax and could compete! Then kill the program all together? complete idiots
Ya know what your full of it and your self .If you want to ride a piece a shit ride it .If i wanted a cookie cutter bike then I will call ya Loud pipes love em piss you off I hope so ! that would be a plus .How come Harley's hold their price ,and that tinney jap junk﻿ you pay 8 to 10 grand one week and that same piece of shit drops to a dollar the next cuz they DONT FUCKING LAST .Gold wings all look the same Vmaxx UGLY AS FUCK but the same as the next one .So fuck off
Haha you are good entertainment bud. "All look the same" that's a treat coming from somebody who admits riding a harley. Hell talk about "Cookie cutter" go to Sturgis and look around you idiot. All those noise-making piles of dung look the same. Same shit different color and different year, but same shit over and over! You want to be different? Ride an import. The one I ride is 10 years old now, with 60+K miles. So far I put tires and a battery in it!﻿ You couldn't handle it.
And for the record "I am not full of myself" I just wish﻿ people could understand how backwards harleys are, and what can be had for less money even. If you are out to be just like everybody else (the sheep of the world) go ahead and be happy puttering around on a noise making pile of shit. If you wonder why everyone is passing you up as you ride, be aware that most sub-compacts and SUVs have the capability to do that riding that powerless old crap. Again wake up and see the light.
Damn dude every post you write just gets a little funnier. Nobody "conned" me into anything. I bought mine after months of research. Still love it 10 years later. I can change everything on this bike. Everything you named and more. I don't have to change engines because it﻿ already has the fastest engine from the factory. All this for about half of what you spent on a noise making oil leaking piece of shit. Research where you harley parts come from, you will be quite surprised
Resale? I already told you﻿ I have never lost on any bikes I have owned. I am still laughing about the engines you listed. Holy shit dude, if the one that is in it isn't good enough already, you got ripped off! I can't imagine spending ridiculous amounts of money on something that a little scooter can outrun, and then have to spend more money to make it have the power it already should have had?? Jezus dude are you retarded. After the fortune you spent you think you will get it back
Years ago I used to sell bikes. I have rode every brand/type many times. Every harley I have ever rode was the definition of cheap ass junk compared to all others. I have a difficult time understanding how people can be this﻿ misled? During my sales days, I loved to pull out the blue book and compare what a harley cost new to what it was listed to 2 years old. They would depreciate the amount of what other bikes cost! Add any accessory and donate that as well. You are lost my friend.
Don't﻿ get mad about it, try to understand it. I am not a kid, I own an engine shop. I work on all sorts of stuff. What harley did is sell the image and now people buy it to try to be the outlaw tough guy. Because harley does this, they import cheap parts to build junk for bikes, and people buy them to complete the image. I see a lot of bad engine parts in domestic brands like Gm as well. People need to know whats going on. If everyone stops supporting harley they will change or die
You really don't get it do you, you call other bikes "shit boxes" and expect people to admire your junk heap that you call a motorcycle. You do care what others ride as you are quick to call them tinny and made from beer cans. If you are a mechanic which I highly doubt, how the fuck could you ride a piece of shit like that and call it decent? You would know better. Look at the fucktarded crankshaft design for example. What genius could have dreamt up a disaster like﻿ that? Good God
Keep riding that crap and pretend it's nice. Polish the chrome and wear your leather vest. But understand that many﻿ are sick of the junk harley has been producing and would like to see more up to date machines especially for the price. What pisses me off the most is that that bike represents America. Fat, lazy and slow. Good example huh? Tiny little countries produce bikes that kick our ass's in every aspect and you don't CARE? You are proud to make noise and look like an assclown
You DO CARE WHAT I RIDE you liar. You say﻿ you don't need to go fast because YOU CAN'T GO FAST. It's easy to excuse all the shortcomings your harley has by saying you didn't buy it for speed, handling or anything else that makes a really fun motorcycle. You know damn well how IMPERFECT your harley is. You wish it would be like other bikes, but you don't have the balls to ride anything decent because you won't fit in with your biker butt buddies if you have something better. How sad
Look in the mirror what do you see? You see someone that goes so far as to ride a pile of shit in order to feel that you belong to something or﻿ have friends? That is pretty damn pathetic. Damn liar the only way you have gone faster is to ride what you call "ricers" because no way in hell have you ever gone over 190 on a harley anything. When you can admit that harley is a shitbox of junk, you can move on to a better life and more fun riding. If you only knew what you were missing.
You already admitted harley was a shit box as soon as you defended it. If they are sooo great and such an awesome machine, people wouldn't make videos like the one above. There﻿ wouldn't be any other brands of bikes out there because harley would make everything better. BUT unfortunately they don't make anything worth a shit so other companies have to step in. Look in the mirror again and you will see the moron that doesn't understand what decent is. A degree? You rode the short bus
I live﻿ in Panama your harley would break down long before it could make it here. I don't think we will be running into each other anytime soon.
Where you have it﻿ wrong is depreciation. I used to sell bikes a few years ago, and I could and still can look at the trade in values. If you think for one minute that imports loose as much as a harley you are sadly mistaken. Guys like you swallowed the hook deep. You are the exact customer harley is after, and will defend your piece of shit to the grave. Why is it that the mags that test ride all the bikes, always rate the harleys on the bottom when they have such a high price?
There is absolutely no ignorance in what he is bashing. IT's yesterdays technology at tomorrows prices! What IS ignorant are engines that have two connecting rods sharing the same position on the the crankshaft only to have an end result of a specific noise rather then power. That's real bright to make junk like that and then be proud enough to think you have something decent?﻿ WHY is it that these little copies can kick the original's ass? That's sorta wrong isn't it?
MOST don't call it "old school" most call it "not going to school at all" Isn't learning all about not making the same mistakes over and over? Yet harley﻿ wrote the book on mistakes. From the engine to the suspension, is one big ass mistake. Springer front ends went away or should have when internal fork springs were invented and perfected. To bring back that ridiculous suspension for the sake of appearance would be like bringing back wooden wheels on Sportcars.
You are so full of shit that it makes me not want to waste my time with you. Go research resale a bit more, and don't base everything you know from one experience. You basically admit that you are an attention seeker, having a big jacked up truck and a loud ass﻿ harley is your only way to get much needed attention. Guys like you are exactly what harley appeals to. The rest of us will enjoy passing your dumb ass and laughing our way down the road at you!
Dude if you want﻿ the answer to what people think, look at the video and compare "likes" to "dislikes" That pretty much tells it all. People are sick of the shit harley is producing. It's a bad joke from a mechanical perspective. Don't feed anybody this shit about trade in values. It's a load of bullshit. You will get a rude awakening when you get to trade in time I assure you. I you want a bike you DON'T have to trade every couple years, get an import. Wake up dude, harley is junk
you looked up trade in. Anyone with half﻿ a brain knows you get raped on trading in anything. I sell all my stuff outright, and usually for top dollar because I take care of and modify my vehicles. Retail on my deuce, $13,500. Not to mention it's a rare bike, so who knows how much better than retail it'll sell for if I ever do sell it. As for the Vrod, extremely uncomfortable, and not worth $16000 for something an R1 will still spank.
Look, Trade in is an average of what people get. If you think you﻿ will get retail price good luck. Obviously if people take that low of price at trade in time, it can't be that great of a machine. You mentioned the Vrod being uncomfortable and slow, well that pretty much sums up the entire harley line up compared to the imports. Why would you want to ride the slowest, rattling machine made? When there are all sorts of cool and fun bikes to ride? open your eyes and mind.
FYI, I own an engine shop. They are NOT priced the same, not even close to similar imports. Again don't feed me the crap that they hold their value any better. I've had this discussion in person many times and proved it. Obviously harley advertising has set it's hook deep in your cheek to defend them as﻿ you do. What truly makes anyone buy into that junk is expert marketing. Sold on a false image of a family and belonging, while at the same time wearing "Made in China"
Where harley shoots you followers in the foot, is when they will finance anyone. So try and tell everybody how yours holds it value blah blah blah.... When anyone that can fill out a form, can buy one without hardly any interest rate. So why would ANYONE want a used one, when you can buy the new pile of junk with a tiny payment each month? Again, you miss the whole point. The engines harley use are﻿ garbage compared to any other brand. I should know I work on the damn things.
I have read bullshit on the internet, but you almost take the cake. Do you NOT know that harley had to borrow $600 million from Warren Buffet because of all the people that defaulted on﻿ loans? You had better go back to reading rather then writing on the Internet. If you were dumb enough to buy a Douche, there isn't much that can be said to help you understand you were ripped off. Mechanically you got the shaft for the money you spent. Compared to other bikes you were duped.
And by the way, Not every company borrowed money. Gm used our taxpayer money to build plants in China. YOU WOULD SUPPORT A COMPANY THAT DOES THAT! I will support Ford, as they didn't borrow money and are staying ahead of the game building good vehicles, not trying to live off an old rep. like harley. Old news nothing to see here folks, just the﻿ same tired old shit year after friggin year! Air cooled, Single throw crankshaft V-twin, shaking and rattling its way down the road. So Sad
You wouldn't see﻿ ANY Hondas rollin around now if harley would have kept current with the times. What he showed in the above video is nothing better then what they had rolling back in 49'! Thank God for Honda, Suzukis and all the other imports, or we wouldn't have anything decent to ride at all!
WOW, you are finally catching on a bit. I have been tryin to tell you that you could do all those things listed, with other brands. What your bike lacks IS the ability to keep up with the smaller bikes out there. Big or small your bikes gets wasted by them all! This video is the most accurate depiction of why so many of us now hate harley. If this is all they are going to produce, noise making vibrating shit boxes,﻿ count us out! Not everybody has a need for attention, we just ride!
Look, I have been trying to get you to understand that the video above is making fun of the technology that harley has﻿ been giving us. It's yesteryear bullshit. Once you experience modern up to date technology, then ride a harley it's like driving a Model A Ford after driving Porsche. One has to wonder why you would choose the Model A ? Does this make sense? Especially when there isn't that much price difference so you say. We would rather have modern or NEW technologies.
What really pisses MANY of us off, is the fact that harley can't produce a race bike if their lives depended on it. When they had the﻿ chance, they threw it all away. Rather then give Eric Buell the resources to build an AMERICAN race bike, they treated him like shit. Made him use sportster engines which we all know are junk. Then FINALLY he had Rotax engines, won some races then they shut the program down rather then sell it to willing investors, and borrow money from Warren Buffet
Many of us would love to see AMERICAN﻿ sportbikes. Once harley has one, if they were smart, would use the technologies they learn from those and incorporate that technology into their cruiser bikes like OTHER COMPANIES DO!! But thanks to morons both in and outside the company that support their product, they most likely will never change. So get used to seeing more and more import bikes here! But then again, harley is building in India now so that makes them an import as well!!
Technology is more then going fast, it's being able to stop fast, handle better,﻿ better lighting etc.... You confuse imports with having to go fast. The reason is, they do go fast with ease, unlike your douche. You put your life on antique technologies. You could care less about your daughter because if you did you would wear a full faced helmet, and full gear, and ride the safest motorcycles available. The harley is none of that my friend.
Since harley has been around so long, then why in the hell do the make junk compared to other companies. They should have the best bike out there, yet the magazines rip them apart every test comparison. HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE? Give me a friggin break about puttin miles on harleys,﻿ I can list several bikes that have more miles then that without anything but maintenance. 130 horse is pathetic, that is nearly what a 600 comes with stock you goofball. Grow up and open your mind!
I love it when someone says how long harley has been making bikes. How is it that other companies can produce a similar bike that out does a harley in every aspect? Read the mags bud, read the comparisons. Go test ride stuff at events. You are so misinformed that arguing with the likes of you is a lost cause. No matter what is put in front of you, you will disregard because it doesn't say "harley" on it. Their expert marketing has it's hook set in your cheek. You just can't see﻿ it
I fucking love Japanese motorcycles and i﻿ love more than anything the fact that every hardcore Harley rider has a american flag somewhere on there leather but the fact that their sacred Harley Davidson are the saddest excuse of what america strives to stay on top of in the transportation market... that is performance handling comfort safety and affordability
Why would you blame a "JAP COMPANY" for a DEALERSHIP decision. As a matter of fact and AMERICAN DEALERSHIP. They have nothing to do with the company itself you moron If you want to go deeper, you could blame the sales manager of that dealership. They probably have too many in stock, and with the﻿ slow economy don't want them back. And your "sporty" comment is funny, try buying one now and trading IT back in and see what you get for it the next day. You are a thick headed individual
You can defend those pieces of shit until hell freezes over, and you know as well as all of us that they are garbage. Just because you are embarrassed that you made the decision to ride one, doesn't mean you have to push that shit on anybody else. Others know better and are damn sick of uneducated people defending these hideous excuses for a motorcycle. When you have experienced other machines you would throw rocks at your douche. Look at the ratio of﻿ likes to dislikes on video.
5 years ago I'd agreed with you. You have one thing right, "After you ride a harley you no longer want to drive anything else" Because the experience sours people that badly. I'm not kidding here. I know many that finally made the final transition, and afterwards were so disgusted﻿ with the machine after riding better, that they just sold them and quit riding all together. People aren't falling for the "hype" like the used to. Thanks to magazine articles and the internet.
Another thing you wrote I find so hilarious is the statement "If I have to explain you wouldn't understand" That my friend is the biggest cop out statement﻿ ever invented by harley loyalists. The reason you "can't explain it" is because there is no logic to it. It's a created hype through expert marketing. The bike is the final prop to belong to the harley family. They arent sold based on what you get for money spent, they are sold to﻿ join a copycat group that needs to feel acceptance
It would be great if it were that simple. You miss the point of the video. Many of us want more then what harley has to offer, ALOT MORE! I for one am tired of what they produce, which by the way is an embarrassment to﻿ this great country. If someone wants to race, they have to ride an IMPORT! Because so many choose to ride to pose, and don't know better, harley will continue to make junk. I for one want to see harley produce bikes that compare to the rest of the worlds bikes.
Not exactly. When other brands make way better bikes for the same or less money, it seem kinda strange that people would be proud to ride something that tells the rest of the world﻿ we are motorcycle illiterate. You must not have watched the video above, then you would understand that many of us are tired that harley only produces noise making rattling piles of scrap. Please read the other comments so you understand a bit before writing asking a dumb question. It's not about hate.
Fux u and harley is shit boss﻿ hoss are the trend like mine
Again YOU miss the picture here. MANY of us want more﻿ from harley then what they are producing. WE would like an AMERICAN sportbike. I don't talk shit about harleys, its the damn truth! They are antique junk, that is severely over-priced because they sold a lifestyle rather then make a bike to compare to all the others out there. You fell for it, that's fine, but don't expect others to settle for junk like that! It has nothing to do with being better then anyone else.
Never have I said or implied that I was better because I ride a certain brand. It has nothing to do with ANY particular brand, other then harley producing garbage.﻿ I'd like to think that we here in AMERICA are capable of producing motorcycles that the rest of the world could try to catch up to, rather then make cheap copies that are actually better then the original. That is the very sad truth folks! I DON'T want to ride an import but I am forced to. Do you understand that philip?
When I said "fell for it" I was referring to why you may defend harleys. For years harley has been selling a "lifestyle" "joing the family" and so forth. Nothing they﻿ have been promoting is about the BIKE! Isn't that what riding is all about? The BIKE? Apparently not. At least for some. If you fall for the hype, you have a brand new technologically outdated motorcycle in dire need of more power. They barley keep up to modern minivans. Compared to other brands with modern technology.
Inside the case is a crankshaft made to obtain a certain sound. Nothing to do with performance, or SMOOTH OPERATION. They rattle and shake themselves apart! Is this "Cool"? MANY of us are sick of the mentality that goes with it. The "prestige". If they really knew what they had compared to other brands, they would be embarrassed. There is no excuse for the price tag for﻿ what is given. Doesn't the extravagant dealership tell you anything? If we quit supporting them they will change.
Lets break it down a bit. I am not knocking vintage. You take things completely the wrong way. You are correct﻿ when you say harley engines are based off the radial aircraft engine. Only difference is they were balanced by having cylinders all the way around the "Radial". In harleys, you have a very unbalanced engine, with counterweights trying to make up for it. Don't confuse vintage with harley. It's a mockery of very well thought out engines.
I love American history! I work restoring MANY old tractor and auto engines. This has NOTHING to do with riding what you want. This is all about a charade. Marketing aimed at reproducing nostalgia, heritage. That is fine if you want to buy an out-dated machine. I and many other﻿ choose not to. Sure is funny you don't see Model A's running down the freeway anymore. They can't keep up with modern vehicles. Same holds true with harleys, but the price tag doesn't reflect it.
You have it backwards my friend. 95% of hd riders go out of their way to hate on import riders. You just did it yourself. Many bikes have "traditional styling, and retro looks" but the difference is they hold together, and aren't giant piles of shit! Everything in that video above is accurate. Personally I don't hate﻿ harley, I despise ignorance which is the root cause of them making the junk they have been. P.s. My bike isn't dusty, but it will leave yours in the dust!
Did you ever think the reason people buy harley is because they don't know any better? "proven technolgy" is something that the Japs figured out a Long time ago! "Giving us what we want" is what the Japs have done giving us the Gsxrs and all the other great products they have made for us that want power no noise! Thank you Suzuki, Yamaha, Kawi, Honda, for making the worlds most kick ass machines!!! Nothing compares or comes close!!﻿ You provide machines that are the greatest gift!!
Id rather ride a Jap, Buell, or Ducatti befor a fag mobiel from fucking India. Thats right India. Nice to know you want a HD ya Yuppi posser. BTW if﻿ you do own an HD how is that oil leak?
I will miss﻿ Buell they were the last American Sports Bike company.
Jap bikes=go like hell, run forever and use very little fuel. Engines sound like﻿ what performance is supposed to sound like. Half the engine size twice as fast as HD! harley davidson= the true American dumbass, ride to fix, fix to ride HD
Putting a good computer on a harley is the equivalent of putting a computer on a wheel barrel! SO you would want your throttle controlled by a computer? I would rather be able to shut my throttle myself thank you very much! When that malfunctions, and I promise someday it will, it will be when you don't﻿ want it to! Leave it to harley to eliminate the throttle cable, so you can't control your own throttle. If the Japs did this you would be complaining about it. Leave it to harley ha
You don't understand why people say what they do. The reason there is so much controversy is because a harley would be like buying a brand new model "A" Ford car and spending more money to get it, then trying to compare it to a Ferrari or﻿ Lambo that would cost less money in comparison. You have to understand that this company has been selling an image, not a bike for the past 50 years. There is so much better to be had out there! We want to see this ignorance end! Research more! !
What drives a lot of us crazy is the mentality that accompanies owning a harley. Now to be fair not everyone is like this but most. Suddenly they feel the need to wear harley apparel everywhere. Like walking billboards for the product line. Yes it's old school, yes it's a new antique. There are a lot of aspects to riding, but this product encourages posing more then riding. When much better bikes are out there that make﻿ riding so much more fun, without the pirate costume and attitude.
I don't have to brag to anyone. I am not looking for recognition for riding, I just love to ride. I try to get the most for my money, not some rattling pile of shit to get attention and have some name sake. If﻿ we all would concentrate on the experience of riding rather then trying to impress others or join some cult-bullshit. If we all were into bikes for riding, harley would cease to exist.
Totally right, 1947 technology ﻿ at 2011 prices..Lol !!!
You make me laugh. You know the truth hurts. I can put down some mile number on here and try to impress you as well. Can I prove it? No and neither can you. Try again. We both know harleys are junk piles, the difference is I can admit﻿ it, YOU cannot. Someday I really wish that harley would produce bikes we can ride rather then pose by or use as a garage ornament.
It bothers you that someone tells it how it is? Come on We both know what harleys are, don't cuss anyone out because they want to see better bikes come from there. We are riders not some group member that needs a﻿ harley to fit into the group. If you rode other brands and were to experience the difference you too would want something better then what harley has to offer. AND you wouldn't understand the why anyone defends harleys after you ride other stuff.
Look, If you were to go out and ride ANYTHING ELSE, then you would understand what many of us are saying. I have rode EVERY cruiser and most every rocket out there, and I hate to tell you, but the magazines have it correct. The harleys fail miserably Do you know how gay "flaming skulls" sounds ? Good friggin grief. Get over the bullshit names and all that goes with it. Screaming chicken, heritage flaming skulls, wtf is all that﻿ childish shit?
Look, I feel really sorry for you if you ride a harley. Have you not﻿ ever rode any other brands? Do you not read the consumer reports or any other bike mags out there? I understand if you can't test ride, but all you have to do is read and research if you can't test ride. I can honestly say I have rode nearly every cruiser and sportbike made. If you try and tell anyone that harley compares to what is out there you are lost. All I can say is you are missing out on better !
It sure bothers you that anyone says anything bad about harleys. Why is that? Are you that blind loyal that you can't even see other bikes? I have bad news for you, I'm not some kid, and I'm not going to come see﻿ you either. I don't care to ride with harley riders as listening to them struggle to ride even on level ground does nothing but make my head hurt. If you need a lot of attention, and like junk, then be happy riding your POS. I and others will be pass you and wave.
Bullshit. Heritage and tradition is the hook that harley uses to catch fools. I'm not any "wiggerbike" fan either. You are entitled to your opinion, as am I. What blows my mind with your types is that you accept harley for what they are. Slow rattling pieces of shit. You want that to be a symbol to this country? That doesn't bother you? Other small countries make beautiful awesome bikes, while USA﻿ makes slow junk. That FACT should piss you off to no end.
Look at the likes Vs Dislikes. If you call a harley a "real machine" you are blind. I didn't put that video up. I think it's about time somebody did. How you can't be tired of the﻿ fake harley persona is beyond me. Psst, I hate to tell ya this, but most everybody is laughing at you guys dress like pirates and farting your way down the road riding antique out-dated junk piles. Reject this behavior and test ride some real bikes and see what you are missing out on!
I'm not your "son" I would bet I am just as old if not older boy. I Have rode and owned a number of bikes. More then anyone I know personally, and I know a lot of people that ride. I can't figure out how any logical normal thinking people can fall for the harley bullshit. The﻿ engine design is completely wrong, and was a novelty. Look up the history and find out for yourself. Spit that hook out of your mouth and go ride some decent stuff and find out for yourself.
Ok boy, bring your put put tractor around and line it up with a Goldwing, or better yet a Triumph and then tell me that your bike is "real" Doesn't even compare to the cheapest of imports, yet you act as﻿ though you are a "man" for choosing harley. In fact you are a boy in your mind getting caught up in the harley advertising scheme. Grow a pair and go check out some real bikes, and find out you were duped. Don't be a dipstick! Get out there and find out for yourself.
Sure is funny that the older I get the more I find that harleys don't have what it takes. I will admit as a kid I fell for that shit too. Then I grew up and realized that antiques aren't the answer, unless of course I was looking for attention and recognition to which I am not. I once asked a long time harley rider to list ONE THING harley had done to "innovate". I still am waiting for an answer. Yet harley copies imports but guys like you don't even notice﻿ that. Grow up
I'm not angry at all. I'm disappointed. I see people like you that think that because﻿ they ride a harley that makes them feel important. You obviously have to have some superior hold over me by saying I am a kid or younger then you. That is supposed to make what you say more valid. I hate to break it to you, but I'm not a kid, so that won't work. While I am a "kid at heart" that doesn't change that I am disappointed to know you choose to ride junk rather then a quality bike
If you can snatch the pebble from my hand....If you﻿ can't I'll bean you in the head with it! Maybe then you will wake up and see how backwards your thinking is! If you want a good laugh, look inside a harley engine sometime! I get to see them quite often, and let me tell you I get a chuckle everytime I see the inside of a harley engine. Seriously, it's not that funny at all. Quite embarrassing is more like it. This is what we have to show the rest of the world. How sad
You take it as an insult while harley IS an insult to the collective intelligence of this country. Yeah I work on the junk, that's why I can say what I say. The owners know they are junk when I get done showing them whats inside the case. If you aren't old enough to figure it out yet, that all harleys are is a show off device for people that don't know any better, well I hate to be the one to﻿ point that out. There are a lot of nice bikes out there, harley doesn't make them!
Why don't you watch the video again a few times, maybe, just maybe it will sink in your head. EVERYTHING﻿ HE SAYS IS CORRECT. I can't say that about too many videos on here! Watch it again I challenge you to find something he got wrong! THEN while your at it, list me a few innovations harley came up with? I'd love to hear it!! While the imports keep innovating, harley keeps duplicating, same old same same old JUNK!
@humble038 Lots of nice bikes out there. Depends on riding style. If I want to put on miles, I ride a sport﻿ touring. If I want to rip around and have a fun day, a sportbike. Cross country distance, a well powered cruiser. Nothing of which harley makes! Once you get used to power, you won't settle for less!
@humble038 Go test ride a Triumph Rocket sometime, you will throw rocks at your﻿ harley! Or a new BMW, or even a Goldwing. Like comparing a model A Ford to a new Porshe!
Triumph's Rocket blows my﻿ mind. I love that bike!
I ride a lot of bikes! My over all hands down favorite and believe it or not most comfy and all around rush﻿ to ride, is my Hayabusa. It does everything right. I have nearly 70K miles and can say it's been a privilege to ride! I ride it more then any if my other bikes! Absolutely a fantastic ride! Ride it fast or slow, it's the definition of what a bike should be with our technology!
Is it the fact that you just got big and fat and that ruins the fitment on other bikes? We all know﻿ harleys were made as fat movers. Hogs put a shit eatin grin on my face too, I laugh like hell every time I see one! I have to wonder how you guys can ride one of those piles of junk otherwise. Having to like a handicapped fellow a wheel chair I guess it makes sense now. Bye bye now
The "thing" you refer to is ignorance and I agree. A Vrod engine you talk about is not a sportbike engine, but the Rotax he was using the last couple years is. Why so many are sick and tired of harley is because of the﻿ charade. Dressing and acting tough pretending the harley is something fast and dangerous. Hell they can barely get out of their own way. Noisemaking piles of shit. You can't make fun of "metric guys" because what can you say. They work! Demand better!
I'll never understand why some people feel the need to stick up for stuff they deep down know is junk. Can you really say you are﻿ proud that harley represents an American achievement to the rest of the world? We should all be embarrassed as hell! Look up the "Nova project" and read what harley could have been, but instead the "evolution" came to be??? Wtf would make a company choose to make a lame ass excuse of an engine while the rest of the world makes awesome stuff!
What is a "Load of shit" is the fact that words like "heritage" "tradition" and "nostalgia" have been used up like the word "gay". They all used to﻿ mean something different, better. A company took those words and used them up like to promote a rattling noise making pile of shit. It's not a "brand war" its about education. We are supposed to be the best country in the world and we promote a machine that makes us look like fat ignorant fools. That is what this is about, nothing more
WHO CARES? Did you even read the replies? You miss the whole point. I'm glad you ride, that's a good thing! Many of us want more then what harley has to offer,﻿ and are totally sick and tired of the harley attitude. We love to ride all sorts of bikes and in doing so found that there are a ton of fun bikes out there! The point is harley doesn't make anything well. They are the worst of the worst yet hold some sort of prestige nobody can explain. Trying to figure out why...
I work on harley engines all the damn time. It's about time people figure out what the hell they are, I'm tired of the whole "harley is great and if you don't ride one your not cool" bullshit. When in fact they are the biggest piles of dung on two wheels. I sit and wonder how the hell people ever fell for that shit. I wish I could invent a shitpile machine and get that sorta following, I'd laugh my way to the bank﻿ too!
BMW > Harley Davidson. ﻿ ;-)
Eric buells﻿ so called inovations are nothing more than ugly curiositys
This﻿ video is so funny because it is so true....
when you think about it Harley has lost that original heritage, its at a point were its not a bad ass bike to ride﻿ anymore because every ones mom and their dog rides one... They are more focused on making leather gear for your dog then a great bike
I don't like harleys but come one man, people just have different taste than you. A lot of riders don't care about performance or reliability, they just want something classic and cool and loud. For them I﻿ say ride on. (I'll stick to sport bikes and cafe racers, however.)
You are quite entertaining. You call riding a harley "American" ? While most of it's parts are imported, that really makes a hell of a lot of sense. It's a disgrace to Americans that this is what we show for our motorcycle technologies. A rattling slow﻿ pile of shit. Thanks for supporting a worthless as fuck company. As soon as they started catching up with the imports, harley shut down Buell. Good job continuing being the Biggest loser!
If you ride harley you indeed ride a "gook bike" as you call it. You will never know what it's like to go 160 but you will know what it's like to crash. Your antique junk has shit brakes, and suspension, and an engine that can't get out of it's own way.﻿ You will NEVER pay anyone a visit because you won't make it that far!
Look bud, I've rode several harleys, too many to count anymore. I not only "find it THAT﻿ BAD" Buy find it repulsive that anything like that could EVER be associated with the United States! How could we as a country EVER let something like that out to the rest of the world! Hideous and embarrassing. Like a giant case of gential herpes! AND NO there is NOTHING simple about harley engines, as a matter of fact they complicate the shit out of them on purpose!
The biggest﻿ reason the imports work so much better is because they simplify everything. The engines are bare-bones and the definition of simplicity! They don't slap two connecting rods on the same throw of a crankshaft, then to fuck it up even more, have one come out the side of the other too yet! They design their engines for function NOT NOISE! And they build them NOT TO VIBRATE THEMSELVES APART TO GIVE A FALSE SENSE OF POWER! One word can sum it all Charade
The reason they "dumped Buell" IS because they didn't market their bikes properly. The ONLY﻿ reason they sell bikes at all is because they sell the "lifestyle" and "brotherhood" and the bike is just one part of the puzzle to fit into the cult. It has Nothing to do with riding whatsoever. If they sold bikes based on what the bikes have to offer they would have gone broke years ago as nothing they have compares to the import bikes in any category. Reliable? Yeah right
dude harley's are over-rated i guess u missed tht huh? u want a GOOD bike and dnt want an import? Big Bear,﻿ and American Iron Horse. more modern and WAY superior to a over-rated Harley, they have MODERN technology and are WAY more dependable.
The reason﻿ buell failed is beacause they are ugly a stone age motor in a ok bike the rotax move was smart but now hardly was out of the allure and that fukin thing was butt ugly and nowhere near as good as ktm or jap they have horrible paint and fit and finish also real riders dont ride rubberband drive bikes like faggot ass hardlys .nothing can beat jap or european.
As a Southerner, ﻿ I'd never ride Harley trash... Not to mention it is assembled with Union Labor... Buy a Harley, support the Democrats and Obama...
You bought into the lifestyle and brotherhood and you know it's true. You can't go 150mph because your bike won't do it! The torque you think you have is pathetic as well, as so is the sound. You never could have compared ANY other bikes before hand as if you did you wouldn't have ever chose a hardley. Resale is shit, you pay for that upfront when buying the bike. Reliability sucks ass. There is no good﻿ reason to choose a hardley.
Bullshit, he doesn't even know why he bought one. Most folks don't. When there are so much better bikes out there, and they buy a harley that hurts the entire motorcycle industry. Other companies think "Hey we don't have to build a decent bike, just some shiny pile of vibrating shit and folks will buy it" SO the entire industry takes a hit every time someone buys an inferior piece of shit instead of buying the most bang for the buck!﻿ Wake the fuck up and see what shit it is
sorry small its﻿ huge haha
It's only downside is that Skoda doesn't offer an automatic gearbox on the 1.8﻿ turbo petrol...
Hi. Mat from CarBuyer here again, only on my proper log-in. All cars have their bad and good points and I don't believe there is any 'totally bad' car available today. So you really should read our review of the Micra on our website to see if it's right for you. Also, check out the review of the Hyundai i20, which, personally, I prefer. However, my favourite car in this class is the Mazda﻿ 2 - I like superminis which are not only well priced, but fun to drive too.
I will disagree with you. The joy of﻿ driving is a different things for all people. Some want comfort others want more precise control etc. You can't blame people for wanting this or that. The bottom line is people want CHOICE (democracy anyone?) and VW doesn't let Skoda offer this choice.
I don't like it. It cost too much and it looks ugly. For the same or smaller money it's﻿ easy to buy a better car.
Who the hell would buy this hideous granny wagon?? You can do so much better. Save yourselves from extreme humilliation and avoid this embarrassing crap.﻿ Skoda is the poor mans choice - cheap and unreliable VWs with retarded names. I mean, Yeti?? WTF?? Skoda will most certainly cease to exist if there were no tight old farts in this world. I'd pick﻿ a VW given the choice - who wouldn't? Auto Express winner of the UNCOOL award would go to Skoda if there was one, LMAO
Who the hell would buy this hideous granny wagon?? You can do so much better. Save yourselves from extreme humilliation and avoid this embarrassing crap. Skoda is the poor mans choice - cheap and unreliable VWs with retarded names. I mean, Yeti?? WTF?? Skoda will most certainly cease to exist if there were no tight old farts in this world. I'd pick﻿﻿ a VW given the choice - who wouldn't? Auto Express winner of the UNCOOL award would go to Skoda if there was one, LMAO.﻿
none in america :(﻿
There is no denying cars get better in terms of the stuff they offer, this thing with the seats is nice.﻿ Actually I would drive a Skoda, a VW is comparable but in the Americas you can´t get a small VW that is made in Germany, only the brazilian crap, which definitely sucks.
It will be cool﻿ if skoda sells yeti's in the usa.
my gay﻿ friend has this, one shitty car
Skoda vehicles are not available in North American countries because they havent passed the Ambiental test to be sold. They arent also available in some latin american countries like Ecuador, Peru and Argentina. But they still great cars and very very safety for lateral crashes. 10/10﻿ my opinion.
Skoda vehicles are not available in North American countries because﻿ they havent passed the Ambiental test to be sold.
WOW! 27K is expensive for﻿ a 2.0L Focus.
I'm looking at this car and the Hyundai Elantra right﻿ now. Elantra has much better options, and the features seem to be easier to use right now.
i personally think the﻿ black wheels are ugly.
i'd rather own﻿ an American car than a Korean one.... -1 for the elantra, yes i test drove a 2012, noisy at 70mph and autotrans shifted really squishy...
i pretty much agree with everything you said including the "Mytouch is crap" :) that's why i opted to NOT get the mytouch. It'll probably work fine when microsoft releases a patch for it to fix all it's glitchyness. That being said the focus still has superior technology inside it, epas power steering, stiffer chassis, DI fuel injection, higher HP/Torque. True the elantra has slightly more room inside, less﻿ than 1 inch for any given comfort measurement
FORD SUCKS. ITS ALL CHEAP PLASTIC CRAP.﻿
Cars﻿ were once built with pride. now there built for fast production using cheap parts. there is no quality. and how is it a budget car. its still alot of money.
I don't believe that one bit. There just﻿ CHEAP. All they care about is Money.
Because the US always gets screwed over in﻿ the automotive world.
I've been seeing things all over the internet about the Powershift tranny being a bit quirky. What do you think about it? Unless you got the manual version than ignore my question﻿
I always felt those kinds of windshield﻿ wipers look strange.
Honda CR-z﻿ looks better :P
It was meant to be a spiritual successor to the CRX but it failed hard. If﻿ they put a proper engine and transmission in it then it could have been a success. As it is I've only seen one or two on the road. The CR-Z is a hybrid and only gets like 3 mpg better than my Civic. Enough said.
Now im a fan of the Focus Hatchback since the new look from 05 but its not such a great interior material quality,its the same old plastic and an 21k car with no automatic dual climate﻿ control ? Serious? And the so called Torque Vectoring Controls ... WOOOOOOW , you discovered the warm water :) That think of braking the inner or accelerating the outher wheel its anthic :) It first appears on tanks in 1940 :) and an older technology called limited slip diff does the same thing so whats the wow?:)
I said proper engine because the use of a hybrid powerplant is a waste. It is not more efficient than a Honda Civic with a regular 1.8 cc engine, nor is it more sporty or powerful. If it had a proper 1.8 or 2.0 petrol engine more﻿ people would buy it.
Those rim are sooo ugly-garbage design! I test drove and the steering﻿ is the worst! Too light and no feel! The rear wing is NOT aligned. The tolerances where the body panels fit are not as close as Japanese/German cars. New body style is far better and I actually like it. The price is a bit high and IMO, not worth the upgrades making it closer to $28k vs my $23k Speed3 GT (loaded).
ugly tail lights﻿
why does always take The European to design good looking car? I gues American and﻿ Japanese has no design sense.
Ford is nothing if not resilient. They manage to build cars that are terribly difficult to work on and that will need worked on, and yet keep drawing new buyers and repeat buyers with their ability stylize their new vehicles. I suppose﻿ for the person who likes to drive a new car every couple of years, Ford has done a good job at managing that market and it's a fairly large one at that.
Another bullshit review. Why is there﻿ no mention about the transmission issues. First gear to second gear is horrible. Doesn't happen under light exceleration or hard acceleration But medium exceleration. It jerks really hard. And during spirited driving from third to fourth or any other gear. It is not smooth. And no mention of the seating position. Designed for people with long arms and short legs. Not comfortable at all. Now that I've had it for a couple of days I regret buying it.
the only thing shitty about the new focus is the price. then again, that﻿ should be expected from what is basically a German car.
Shitty real world﻿ mpg. It does not get 28/38. It gets 20/34mpg 24mpg combined. Shitty transmission shitty mpgs. It is not fun to drive like the mazda 3. Its a good looking eco box inside and out but falls short on performance. Whoever puts the looks of this car with the performance of the mazda 3 has the car to beat. Somebody make a tune for this horrible transmission!
im 6'3" and fit in back very well lots of room. a bit hard for me to get﻿ out but its not my car.
"Best looking in﻿ its class!" ROTFL have you SEEN the Chevy Sonic?!
I liked this car a lot when I tested it. The only downside for me was the clutch pedal feel. Also a 5 speed manual is starting to seem outdated even in the C-segment. I ultimately chose﻿ the 2012 Golf TDI 6M as it was nicest overall, but at GTI money quite expensive.
no, Toyota and VW are the top while GM is third and Ford is﻿ all the way down
My ford focus titanium is crap.﻿ I suffer from Asthma and drive through Sydney's M5 tunnel (around 5km long) twice daily. Each time the air conditioner will turn from recirculated﻿ air to fresh air all its own even when it is on manual control, sucking in car and truck exhaust. If you are reading this and you are thinking of buying a Focus. Don't ! Ford wont do anything to help me nor will the dealership. The M5 tunnel is one of the worst in the world for exhaust and toxic fumes DONT BUY FORD
car is fugly, the dash looks like a﻿ animals intestine.
Idk. It﻿ looks weird. It bothers me. Interior looks good. But the car looks just weird.
Ford﻿ Fuckus
Get a mazda 3. I bought a focus se sedan it did not get good gas mileage as advertised. I got 24 combined at first and that went﻿ down to 20mpg. If you drive like granny you may fare better. Get the stick cuz the auto is shit. I couldnt take it anymore. Traded it in and got a mazda 3. Much smoother handles better and gets real 33 mpg combined. Driving the same way. I get 42mpg at hwy speed 75mph. The 3 is the real deal. Focus looks great but does not do as advertised. Get a mazda 3!
am i﻿ missing something here? mitsubishi evo x is a sexy 4 door but this looks like a mini van
Well, I got the call today about my 2012 Ford Focus that stutters down the road because of the transmission and rolls back and the a/c doesn't work. Ford says that this is the way that car is made and that is what it does and basically I am sorry for your luck that you traded in a really, really nice Chevy for it, but we are going to do nothing. So there you have it......that is Ford's customer service﻿ and shows just how much they care. On to my next step.
if only Harley﻿ wasn't so frigging Corporate.
I'm not too keen on the appearance. It looks like the bastard child between a base Gallardo and Pacman. Also,﻿ why all the "Top Gear ripoff" comments on these videos? At least Mr. Farah hosts an actual car show and not a talk show that occasionally has cars on it.
finally, a ferrari with more power than a 50k shelby mustang. that thing﻿ puts ferrari back on top in my book, but i really think they could have eeked out another 10th on that lap time. the options turn me off though. $1500 for badges is bullshit. electric seats should not cost almost $4k
To be honest I don't really like it. It's﻿ too electronical and the original lines Ferrari was built on is pretty non existent.
Not the Top gear 458 review i liked yours much more, i meant it was a bit like the twingo review where he puts ross kemp in the boot :) didn't﻿ mean offense just reminded me of it or whether you got the idea from it.
I'm not in love with the front air dam, everything else is stellar.﻿
The only thing I don't like about that car that Clarkson pointed﻿ out on Top Gear was the Nav and the Spedometer share the same screen, so you can't have both showing at the same time, but otherwise . . . if I won the lottery:P I'd buy one.
Maybe a nice ass ferrari, but ferrari needs to learn some quality control!! They must not﻿ care about their cars when they easily overheat & burn to a crisp. Five have been destroyed already by fire, it's sad!!
personal am not a ferrarie fan﻿
how does this car compare to the ferrari f430?﻿
there is however al little fail, when you use your nav. system you do not have a speed-o-meter.. soo you know where to go but you don't know how﻿ fast you're going :S
There is another fail: Believing everything Jeremy clarkson says. When you switch to the Nav screen the speedometer is displayed in the left side screen. What kind of﻿ stupid car company would set up a car so you couldn't see how fast you were going? That makes no sense.
Sorry, until they hit Nurburgring, NIssan GTR is superior to this crap called a CAR for that much. GTR makes 90 hp less and weighs 700 lbs more, yet is better than this car. Come on ferrari, when is 458 going to Nurburgring, what are they waiting for? Failing is normal﻿ and OK.
it seems like a great fast car and all but something that Ferrari never actually focuses a part of their engineering on is safety. if your going the speed it was﻿ designed for and you just slip up on a turn, that car's gone, let alone you. i dont even think they do a crash test... theres not a single video of any tests done on it and yet theres so many videos of them crashed horribly. plus most of the Ferrari's on salvage auction websites, the car is totaled and the interior didnt hold up.
id﻿ take a honda s2000 with 9k redline instead and spend the extra money and some jdm goodies :D
You forgot to mention you can't see the GPS and the﻿ spedometer at the same time! So you can know where you are going but have no clue how fast you are going.
Good review, however one small note. 360 -> F430 83hp difference f430 -> 458 79hp difference the 360﻿ to f430 was a bigger jump then the 430 to the 458. Ill stick with my lowly 360 for now heh.
i still think the 430 looks﻿ better, sorry.
This review was ALRIGHT at best. We all know that this car is amazing, but there has to be some negatives. First of, Im not hating on TST, you guys have the best jobs in the world. Top gear complained about the turn buttons and the nav being in the same screen as﻿ the as the speedo. We, as car lovers, would also want to know the "cons" of the cars, even if the car is absolutely breathtaking.
well, Top Gear was wrong﻿ about the screen/speedo thing. If you have the nav on, the speed moves to the other side screen. The blinkers on the wheel definitely take some getting used to, but it's not that big a deal either. The major cons of the car are simply price, ridiculous maintenance costs, limited storage space, and the very high odds of the car catching on fire. The radio is in there somewhere but I couldn't find it. Other than that, pretty damn good.
I've always wonderd.. other than speed .. is there any big difference from building up a car than driving a ferrari? is there some crazy feel to the steering and pedals.. that just makes it worth the crazy price.. or is it just﻿ some stupid fast car with nice handeling? they are gorgeous cars.. but so damn expensive, is it worth it? or maybe just build your own beast for a quarter of the price
google "ferrari fire" and see how many pictures come up. Mid-engined exotic cars catch on fire all the time, usually as a result of a hydraulic line for the transmission failing and spewing hot hydraulic fluid on the﻿ even hotter header.
ZR1 is﻿ probably a little bit faster.
nice review matt, it's a great car, it's an even better driver's car, but i can't like the 458, just can't. it doesn't look good and sound enough. look like an ugly mid-engine space ship with wheels. those front and back﻿ lights for god sake, bonkers but not prety.it's doesn´t sound half as good as the stock 360 modena not mentioning the 360 CS or the scuderia. another disappointment it's not offer a manual why?? , for fuel saving, for the noob rich pleople who can't drive??
you can get a zr1 for a fraction﻿ of the price of this
Great car.. The thing about the preload brake pads is not new and invented på Farrari.﻿ BMW has used the technic one their models for 5 years.. Maybe they invented it. :-)
when do you do the merc sls amg review matt? i think technically show car blah, blah, blah, the ferrari got it, ﻿ but i think the sls is more dramatic, not as prety (give more character) and i think if a say this you will want to shot me, but it just sounds better. the ferrari california and 458 came as a disappointment.
id rather have a enzo if﻿ i could afford it lol
Those lightening sequential shifts are nice, but I would still﻿ prefer the gated stick shift... I've always wanted to drive one of those. Then again, I suppose you can never shift as fast as a computer. I feel like the clutch pedal is going to be a thing of the past pretty soon, sadly. You should have noted the funky turn signals on it, aren't they buttons on the steering wheel?
Ive had the privilege of driving this car from Ferrari/Maserati Quebec and all I have to say is, I found myself contemplating the consequences of not returning back to dealer. It was that good. Noise? Perfect. Power? Unbelievable. Beauty? Like a goddess. Ive never turned so many﻿ heads before. It's almost embarrassing until you remember what your driving! I have ONE complaint about this car. The turn signals. They're on the steering wheel and its very annoying in city driving. Amazing car.
no radio?﻿ are you joking............
dont get me wrong ferarris are great.﻿ beautiful, fast, sound amazing you get the picture. but who the hell can afford it? ... seriously?!?! a working man can buy a nice vette or BMW or merc but who is making ferarri money and please tell me where I can meet their daughters!
sweet car... but so damn﻿ expensive...
Nice car,﻿ but I just love the Ferrari Fxx.
As far as engineering goes I'd rather have the Ferrari. My brother said the R8 is great﻿ but feels a little tame unless you throw it around so I'm sure the Ferrari is a more visceral experience. But I'm not a fan of those flappy paddle F1 style transmissions. They're fast but I like to row through gears and I think this car is pretty ugly when you compare it to the beautiful F430. And with the Audi being way cheaper and better looking I'd probably go with it. But a Scuderia over both!
Cont'd. But then again, you are entitled to your opinion. And I would agree with you in going with the R8. I think it is the better car as a daily driver, and does﻿ not cost nearly as much to service as does the Ferrari. But, in my opinion, it is a very beautiful car that is still not as beautiful as the Ferrari 458 Italia.
biggest jump in history ?? its only﻿ 80 bhp... the jump from 360 to f430 was 90 bhp..
THE SQUIRREL WAS FASTER﻿ THAN FERRARI!
When will you try the new Lamborghini aventator? If ferrari do some thing good, some month lateer Lamborgini presents onother one better than the ferrari. The aventator is much faster,﻿ it made 0-100km/h in only 2.9 sec
I've always enjoyed driving or riding anything that requires﻿ a helmet. This is certainly an exceptional piece of engineering, but I think I'd rather rent or buy a new generation Ariel Atom. Or a Lotus 2/11 even though it's not as fast. Or any home built track car.
As fast as the new 458 italia﻿ is.... we all know a squirrel is faster. can't argue with that logic.
I think it's﻿ crazy to pay $250,000 for a four wheel motorcycle.
Good things come little by little , so is great when they come by a lot like in this car and the prices are huge , but for this car offers are﻿ really small .
The only flaw in this car that i see is that the speedometer and the gps are on the same screen and cant be on two diffrent screens at the same time so you can know how fast your﻿ going but not where you are and you can know where you are but not how fast your going... if im wrong please reply to this
Well i'm not so sure about that !! Of course the aventador has much more power but i'm talking about fun. I'm pretty sure that you can get much more fun with the ferrari ones. I haven't tried yet but i think a test is required ! And btw the 458 Italia is﻿ also a nuclear bomb with wheels =) hahaha
my mercedes sls can smoke that anyday, it may cost.... like alot but it is worth﻿ it
i was going﻿ for this car...But the mpg was very bad so i passed it.
ugly﻿ rims :/
Look﻿ at he optional extras on this car 6:32 Electrically operated seats 3463 dollars ! Bit of paint on brake calibers 1339 dollars !
ferrari 599 gto﻿ period
gtr will smoke this think every time. and cost 1/5 of﻿ cost!
a 911 turbo﻿ smokes both
beautiful car but for $246,000 its over priced a Dodge Viper is﻿ $97,000 and is quiet a bit faster around a track and in a strait line
the Viper is my second favorite car the McLaren F1 is my all time favorite in that case the McLaren is﻿ better than both
Lexus IS-F, with upgrades of course.﻿
just mad because the Viper is a better track﻿ car and and its faster
I'll stick with my GT-R, Ferrari cars﻿ are nice but too damn expensive.
Doesn't matter now,with the new SRT Viper out﻿ the 458 will not have a chance in hell.
ferrari is top﻿ car its a rich mans toy but a viper is just as fun and you wont lose $150k after it drops in value, but bang for buck porsche is the best built sports car easy to maintain and good on fuel
timing belts suck lose the belt valves fuck﻿ up
you sir are an idiot,Viper's can go around a track faster than a 458'well the ACR can, you would take a 458 over a Viper because you have little driving skill,people that drive 4th Gen Viper's are always looked at by people that know cars,and they will say"that﻿ guys got skill driving that thing"they look at a 458 and just say"cool"real American car guys dont want a computer controlled car they want themselves driving it
Fuck I hate living in Australia sometimes ... I could actually very nearly afford one of these if I lived in the states ... but here, it's almost $600,000 ... fucking "luxury car tax" bullshit .. meh, nice review btw, had no idea about that braking﻿ feature, very cool.
clearly you did not see﻿ that i said"its beautiful car but its over priced"
its beautiful thats for sure,and it left the boss of﻿ Ferrari speechless
Im not driving any sports car without 3﻿ pedals on the floor and a stick on the center. Its a car, not a play station.
still like﻿ the F40
the front looks like a pissed off snake﻿
this is an awesome awesome car but i just hate that steering wheel!! imo thats﻿ literally the only flaw
i love 458 it ! but the best is the﻿ ENZO .
awww what a trash car...all﻿ that horsepower and money and its not even faster than a fucking squrrel...such bullshit.
Not﻿ bad, but not as sexy as Testarossa
false the﻿ best ferrari is the f40
it﻿ has no stick shift available. Ask any woman if something can be sexy without a stick on it?
looks more realistic﻿ on forza 4
stupid ferrari ki swar- whatever﻿
The freelance designer﻿ of this car, no longer designs Ferrari's.
If money wasnt a factor Enzo >﻿ 458 Italia
The front? It is borderline ugly from the front. It has axe wounds in its eyes and a gaping bottom feeder mouth. The back and﻿ side are drop dead gorgeous. Of course the entire car is an unfortunate mistake without the option of a gated manual transmission.
HOLY SHIT!!!!!! 12 mpg city 18 hwy!?!?!?! Sure having a Ferrari would be a great bragging right, and it has immense speeds. But that mileage﻿ for that price is ridiculous!!!! Especially if this thing doesn't have a radio!
nice car ﻿ junk
1953......and then they went out﻿ of buisness
Everyone﻿ in this factory will be looking for another job shortly...
So it does have a rear wiper as in the new Lexus RX eh? I saw them at the NY autoshow and I couldn't find it. I even looked under the spoiler. This is one vehicle I will stay clear of when walking through a parking lot. The rear window is too small. BTW, are those﻿ lights on the bumper, rear fog lights? It looked like a foggy day during filming so cheers!
What a machine. Hopefully they will get more power, along the lines of having a supercharged Sport or Full-Size. There are always we who enjoy having﻿ the superpowered Landies. God, I love mine.
I just read in Automobile that the Victoria Beckham edition is going to be in the UK only.﻿ Same goes for that magic dual view screen which is a shame.
not coty, suvoty lol. Car of the year﻿ was the volt
Looks﻿ great, but unpractical
useless﻿ car
Range Rover should've used the Hyundai Veloster's﻿ idea of a 3rd side door.
WHAT IS THAT ?? and why does it costs so much ?﻿
i think this is the most beautiful car of her class,love it.But the coupe tipe it's a little bit difficult to handle because in some cases the driver have to get out of the car﻿
No Cup-holders!﻿
i like the car but its too slow ,if they made it a﻿ v8 ,it will be a Different Story.
SSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIDDDDDDDDD 58 fuckin K YEA THAT FUCK ARD ILL SETTLE FOR A USED 2009 BMW 3 SERIES SPORT PACKAGE﻿
a yes the only concern I have when buying a new car how many cup holders are there? and whats the movement like on the sun visor!! too picky lads. great car﻿ but a bloke could never get one he'd be an automatic ponce!
if﻿ u think this is the best range rover it means you've never loved range rover before
this design is trash......﻿ looks like garbage. rang rover get back to the real designs
seriously﻿ lacking features
Over priced ﻿
this car sucks in﻿ everyway ! want a ranger rover ? buy the SPORT or the VOGUE these are the true range rovers
It's way too expensive for this class. Sure it looks nice and﻿ everything but I'd rather buy an M class or an X5 or a Q7
I'll take an﻿ X6
i've already got a 2010 range rover sport, was thinking of buying another car i.e the Evoque great car but the price tag is abit too much, another 10k and u may aswell buy a proper Range Rover instead of the baby one..they﻿ should've priced it abit less cheaper
Very nice car but not balanced enough to be mass purchased in Europe.﻿ It will lose to its German rivals because of that.
i﻿ cannot afford it
I﻿ bought one 2 weeks ago.... arrival near end of june.... :((
Really?? Have you seen the waiting list for vehicle??!! The Germans don't make anything even remotely similar.It's a Range Rover for gods sake,they hardly need to take any lessons﻿ about how to make a 4X4's!!!
When mercedes and bmw and audi bring their new small coupe like 4x4's out, this car﻿ will be unimportant (x2, new glk or blk, q1 / q2). The engines and build quality will be much better, and they will be cheaper too, or the same price but with a much higher spec, with some models touching about 60mpg - real economy. And the residuals will be higher. Still great looking car! But too expensive﻿ and bad economy / quite slow.
fuck spending money on a ho. I﻿ keep it for myself. Dont need hoes
Too expense in﻿ Canada....$65,000 with all options, you can get a Q7 TDI S Line for that.
The slow moving front seat on the coupe is not exactly useful﻿ during a zombie apocalypse when you need to load more than 1 passengers in a hurry.
A 4 CYLINDER??? PUKE! ﻿
my friends won't wait for that seat to open all the way.....they just go in﻿ from the trunk or centre space...lol
This Rover has the same off road capabilities as﻿ a Honda civic.
This car is pure garbage. The engine is cheaply built and very loud. It﻿ handles very rough. 4 cylinder engines don't work in SUV or a crossover. This is a Ford with range Rover badge.
it ironic they put a coupe in a suv, and a v4 for﻿ this type of car is lackluster, I rather keep my x3, tons of room, godlike handling. and better of all hell of fun to drive due to lag free i6.
lol this shit﻿ looks hella fucking gay
Looks like a 2nd rate﻿ Scion
this car not worth d price !! it should be priced around 25﻿ to 30 lakhs max in india !
if it had the engine of the 2009 range rover the V8 supercharged almost like 400 BHP tht would have been nice﻿ the front of the car looks nice but the rear doesn't
Im a land rover fan but﻿ this car is shit on and off road :(
my little brother had one I like it but not like my M5 BMW 2012 ;) ﻿
Volvo﻿ = boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooring
Ugly look from front side..garbage ﻿
Seriously, how often does a pedestrian﻿ just magically appear in front of your car? It's a nice feature, but doesn't seem....practical.
Until Volvo starts importing six-speed, AWD manual transmissions to the U.S., it looks like I'll be forced to go with Audi or BMW. Too bad...the lack of three pedals on the floor is a deal-breaker for many here in the﻿ states.
it`s silent, it`s good... naughty buy﻿ safe... Share the volvo S60 experience. look for Mihai Jitianu si Volvo S60
it`s silent, it`s good... naughty buy safe... Share the volvo S60 experience. look for Mihai Jitianu﻿ si Volvo S60
fuck you faggot. bmw are the best cars on earth so fuck yourself bvefore i drive my bmw 335i into your shitty little volvo. you will﻿ die, i will not. simple. so fuck off.
lol you funny my man!! volvo isnt made for killing people, it made for keeping people in the car safe. you for got to read in between the lines. if i hit you, meaning 30mph to the drivers side of your volvo, not at a 90degree angle﻿ but maybe a 45 degree angle hitting you, you will die because its my passenger side hitting your drivers side. bmw isnt gay. bmw da best. have you eer been in a BMW?????
BMW is better than Volvo, I would get the 3 series anyday over this. If I was anti-german though, I would definitely get the Cadillac﻿ CTS.
Close but no cigar... not as sporty, or economical, or good to drive, or as desirable as the Germans. This S60 has lost it's predecessor's elegant looks in﻿ favour of something gawky, so I will stick with the BM.
This Volvo S60 has lost the elegance of its predecessor in favour of the gawky looks it has now... not as sporty, or﻿ economical, or good to drive, or as desirable as a German car. Close, but no cigar
I like the s60 but I can´t understand why they made it so thin!!﻿ if they had made it wider it would have had more, and much needed space inside and it would have looked sportier from the outside. It looks a bit weird from bihind. like somebody put it in a vice or something!
Very﻿ sharp and very numb steering WTF
jesus christ this car is breathtakingly﻿ ugly
so the quintessential message of the video is: "if you hate germans so much you're willing to buy a less﻿ capable car, get a volvo s60"
Damn, why did Sweden﻿ sell it?
Disgusting. Looks like they slapped﻿ MB's E class headlights onto a C class wannabe and started selling it to ghettto people. Gross.
I heard Volvo was having reliability﻿ problems lately but I could be wrong.
No you're wrong the 3 Series and the C Class are much more better. Volvo cars can't﻿ compete the two famous german cars!
God﻿ I wish Volvo was Swedish.
@RobertPhillpott This car was designed﻿ by a blind man, so stop complaining!
hmmm, is it me, or were﻿ the S60's a lot nicer like 3 years ago? Seems they changed their look for the worse.
the old s60 looks better﻿
the split in two headlights if copied﻿ from mercedes ...
Grill and headlights are stolen from new Mercedes E class so it must look good﻿
Another great review. Great looking car the inside looks beautiful. Only thing I don't like is the electronic handbrake. Drove hire﻿ car recently and couldn't get used to it but worst is trying to a hill start . I usually hold the car on the hand brake slighlty to set off. You can't do this on electronic as its either on or off -you role back. More & more cars are getting them & that's why people have taken to using their foot brake to blind you at the lights. Moan over - its still a great car!
I don't know. I just know that Volvo's boring﻿ pieces of Swedish metal, that are as exiting as a dead dog.
When Volvo killed off the true R models they became dead﻿ to me.
I don't think this S60 is as good looking as the previous one...The last one was much sleeker, and﻿ very unique....This one just looks a bit fat.
35.000 € - cheap ?? yeah, if you﻿ earn 2000 € a month !!
cheap﻿ ?? compared to what ? a lamborghini ??? fuck off !!!!
I like it﻿ though...of course if I had that much money, I would steal some more and get an A4 or 3 series
Volvo not as desirable as﻿ a Mercedes, yeah, NO.
This one has the wrong wheels and the stupid body kit things. It looks great with the T6 18s﻿ and without the silver things. However, as the owner of a 2004 S60R, I agree. The old one did look a bit better.
i went for the jetta , cause the s60 is much more expansive + it has 0 resale value ! :) my jetta is going to be﻿ 1.4tsi 160 HP :)
The front looks horrible compared to﻿ the older one
My 2002 Volvo S60 looks so much sexier than this version. On top of that my﻿ Volvo has a much larger trunk than the new one.
...or try some years later a V40, which I won´t,﻿ since I just traded an A3 Sportback, nice car, but didn´t liked it after months. Small car, very nervous at high speeds, a very "nervous " ABS system, and couldn´t get over the fact it was a hatchback. More of a sedan guy. Just feel it is a pity someday I´ll have to upgrade to an S60. Don´t dislike the style, but I really enjoy how the S40 looks. Sigh.
Yeah I'm pretty sure the reviewers, Volvo, and everybody overlooked﻿ the fact that the steering wheel is on the wrong side, jackass
Mmm... Mercedes is﻿ better :)
CHEATERS.Shame on﻿ you Mclaren.
*** CHEATER MCLAREN! Ron Denis is a f*ckin' liar. *** Coughlan got 35 call and 288 SMS in time about the box/fuel strategy of Ferrari in﻿ every race in this year! Fernando Alonso got data for simulation about settings of the rival team. Stepney hint dust into the fuel tank of the Ferrari's racing car in Monaco. Shame.Shame.Shame. *** Don Dennis: GAME OVER ***
The punishment does NOT fit the crime.McLIARen.If Lewis or Alonso wins,its a victory with a cheat.And﻿ thats all to it.I used to like mclaren,not anymore...no,no,no.SHAME u bastards.
McLaren= bunch of﻿ thieves. Ferrari rules
McLaren = bunch of thieves+faggots.﻿ Ferrari has always ruled since birth, bow down, facts talks,keep informed, shut up Mcloosers
I'm a Ferrari fan, im﻿ with Alonso!
ferrari!!!!!champion of﻿ the world!!!!!!!
Well.. maybe it's not the best looking Car. But it's a damn good looking Car ;) Would love to have﻿ one of those <3
if somebody want a﻿ 2 door mazda rx8 its the worse car in the public world
My favorite car that I've ever owned was a﻿ 93 RX-7. So I was really excited when I heard that Mazda was coming out with a new rotary powered vehicle. However, once I saw the styling, I was greatly disappointed. Furthermore, when I found out that it wasn't coming with turbos, I decided I was definitely not going to buy it. I absolutely loved my RX-7 and I'm hoping Mazda's next rotary would be a car I'd consider getting.
I'm no expert but I've heard that the seals on rotaries tend to wear out. I read somewhere that they were outlawed from America because of that problem, they started burning oil and polluting like hell. Finding someone who knows how to work on the engine can be hard too, since not many people know how to work on rotaries. You have to be willing to﻿ take very good car of this car if you ever plan on getting one. It's not the kind of car to cheap out on parts for.
I love my RX-8! It's so fun to drive! But I will admit﻿ that it isn't the best in severe weather, the tires are too wide and shallow for it.
the seven looked much better though.. he has a good point about mixing angles and curves like it does...I﻿ still like it though
i agree with him halfway...the front's not that attractive..but the back and headlights are sick..﻿ lol
I miss my﻿ rx8, red 220bhp. Had to upgrade when i noticed its slow (6.5 seconds 0-60 :( ) and that 90% of them (in the uk neway) are driven by ugly women.
wtf are u talking about its a gd car yeh but not﻿ better than any british cars
230bhp out of 1.3litres engine thats amazing, pity the fuel consumption lol. i had a mondeo st200 with 202bhp out of a 2.5v6 engine and that did 27mpg, i expect the road tax was is on the higher﻿ bracket as well cant see any advange of a small high power engine that drinks petrol, mind you great fun to race around an air field doing wheel spins with tyres costing £95 each
the last RX7 may have been more expensive﻿ than the RX8, but it was a much better car.
the rx7 may have been quicker but by no means is it better than the genisis the 7 had horrendous heating issues the rx8 is better in every sense the handling of this car is as good as any thing out there and﻿ certainly better than the 7. and any of u looking to buy a new rx8 in the uk will have to do so within 3yrs as they wont be able to meet emission standards
why put a stonking big v8 that drinks petrol like a fish when you can have a 1,300 cc engine that while thirsty is not as thirsty as a v and has less﻿ moving parts?humm bit of a no brainer there topgear296 old son!
strangly SuperskyLineZTune old son masda HAS cracked the rotor tip problems of the past! there rotor engines are very﻿ good lasting up to over 350,000 miles! and as it ONLY has 7(seven) moving parts,it's bound to be a LOT cheaper to fix! trouble is it does drink gas(petorl) like a fish and cant pass the us milage regs
They need to design and fit a nice Renesis 20B to﻿ fix those torque issues. Go the rotaries!
vtec stickers add 100hp each you know..﻿
the mazda rotary engine sucks. the bushings wear out around 60,000 miles and the whole motor needs torn down to replace them and even then the motor loses around 5-6% of it's power. Mazda has even gone to replacing the motor because the cost of parts and labor on the rebuild is higher than the cost of﻿ a new motor.
3rd gen RX-7 twin﻿ turbo is still the champ in my heart.
regret﻿ getting mine, drinks too much petrol, even more than a m3
the style is﻿ sexy but it should have a engine like rx-7..
i really like the RX-8 except i personally think they should of kept some of the styling of the 3rd gen RX-7 or better yet, RX-7 with the﻿ VeilSide body kit
What do you mean? They are both 1.3 rotary engines. And if you really look at it, the rx7 is twin turbo making 255BHP where the rx8 has no turbo making 232BHP. So think about that. seems the renesis is stronger and if you throw on a turbo you easily﻿ get up to 270bhp with a small turbo.
Love the car, wish they would have put a bigger engine in﻿ it, but oh well, i just like it cause it looks sexy ^^
the rotary engine﻿ has a low displacement by design. you don't know what you're talking about
i﻿ hate the exterior, especially the front, but jeremy clarkson makes it convincing that i should test drive this some day
yeah ive seen videos of that rx-7. fast as hell. i wonder how the handling is now﻿ though since the weight balance is definitely off
the rx-7 from tokyo﻿ drift is better than this
best mazda is the RX7 and of﻿ course the Furai!! xD
We had to just replace on ours the catalytic convertor at 60000 kms, the cost 1900 euros...yikes! ....our other cars a Focus﻿ and a Lexus have their originals still going at 150000 kms
rx7﻿ savanna oyea
Burns alot﻿ of oil and goes through the spark plugs fast i hear.
ive yet to try one, it﻿ looks very driveable and fun but i dont dare try the 2009 version just yet..it just looks like it'l eat you whole if you walk right up to it..
why do brits put the steering wheel on the right side of the car? most people are right handed so they wont want to shift with﻿ their left hand.
This car is Amazing. And the design isn't that bad :) I don't like﻿ the small doors .... but its still sweet.
Yes and with no warning. One minute it﻿ runs like a top and the next its dead.
yea but mazda just sounds different like﻿ a awkward disturbed cat
the bad thing is rotary engines are﻿ notoriously unreliable
Only problem with em is they need rebuilt﻿ all the time.
unlike cylinder cars, rotary engines take﻿ much longer to red line
no torque. unless you go forced-induction.﻿ Beautiful handling and steering though.
i think it looks﻿ kinda cool, not great though
you are stupid f you buy this car. the rx8 is a nice looking car but it have a serious problem in the engine. as he was saying it have a wankel engine and what he doesn't know is that a wankel engine doesn't keep long time. it just a matter of time before you need to buy a new engine to your car. it just stupid to buy a car with a wankel engine. and﻿ when I say they doesn't keep long time I mean mabey 120.000 km before you need a new engine.
I agree, you are stupid if you buy this car, BUT, that's if you have no idea of how to maintain a rotary-powered vehicle. Generally modern engines are rebuilt at around 100-120km, NOT replaced. That's not too bad, really. If you manage to clock up that kind of mileage in a car as a thirsty as this in a short time frame﻿ then clearly fuel consumption is an irrelevant issue.
And did you know that about 50% of the engines in the RX8 ruined after 60.000kms? This is not a joke! Just search a site where the actual users writes reviews for their own car. One poor guy had﻿ to change 2 times the engine in 80.000km... So the engine NOT so puurfect...
this is a vry nice with a vry unique engine !! but terrible﻿ Fuel Consumption ~
Yeap dis car has sucks alot﻿ of petrol~
so ure okay with driving a chick car﻿ that is slow and ugly?
and there is less to go wrong and it's impossible to seize up and it's power-to-weight ratio is unbeatable by any piston engine and it's easy to rebuilt and so on. apart﻿ from jets with a hidious pricetag, you can't go better for a plane
the rx8 is a nice looking car and handles well, look like it would be a fun drive but its just too slow! I couldnt justify spending that much money on a sports car that cant break into 14s. I mean my v6 accord with the a MT can hit 14.5 stock, saw one go 13.9 with boltons. not saying the accord is a better car because its not, I just cant buy a sports car slower than my accord! if they had put the speed3 motor in the rx8 now that would be a sick ride. but the﻿ rx8s motor is pretty maxed out
lol rx8﻿ eats up oil and kills gas =], but the handling makes up for all of it
which pony cars? even the slow ass RT challenger runs low 14s, last time I checked the rx8 was a 15 second car. the new camaro runs a 13 flat and the new stang runs 12.7. the rx8 is a good car but﻿ it cant hang with those three in the quarter but it should kill them on an autoX course. different builds with different goals
My opinion of the RX8 is the torque curve blows. It doesn't accelerate worth crap unless you get that engine spinning up unholy RPM numbers.Then, when you're hitting﻿ that kind of RPM range, the point of a 1.3 flies out the window. It's a little impractical from both ends of the spectrum.
- Mazda markets it as a 1.3, and it even says so in the video so I'll go with 1.3 as the official displacement. I don't mind a car that's built for handling as long as it can do good in the straights as well. But, that's where the RX8 lacks. If you look at a brand new﻿ RX8 vs a brand new V-6 mustang, you'll see that while the mazda might beat it slightly around the turns, the Mustang will easily pull ahead in the straights.
- Mustang has surprisingly tight handling that most don't give it credit for. It won't quite handle with cars like the Lotus Elise, but it does hold its own against RX8. Look at the G-pad ratings, and I may be mistaken but the Mustang might even have an advantage in late braking. I don't think the﻿ RX8 could pull away just because of turns. In fact, turns may even be an advantage for the Mustang because it has a better torque curve and could come out of turns much faster.
- There is one thing I'd like to see in the Mustang, I'd like to see the﻿ colored seat inserts. However, the Mustang has the interior where the gages can change to something like 128 colors. The 2011 Mustang V6 is also 300 HP which is how powerful the old 4.6 V8 was. Ya, both the vehicles are probably fun to drive. I'm an American and prefer the styling of the Mustang.
accord isnt a sports car though, its fwd one its pretty heavy and kit was never made to be fast or sporty, it was made to be practical and reliable, and btw im not hting im actualy a honda fan, but stock hondas are not the way to go especialy with a﻿ fwd v6
RX8﻿ is a practical and fun sports coupe with great handling abilities. It may not be the best or the fastest but it sure offers a lot of fun and excitement to the driver. Must really drive it to appreciate. Plus, it also appears in the﻿ recent NFS(Not Pursuit). Nice! :)
The Rx8 might not have as much power as cars like the mustang, but the power delivery does make it feel﻿ like car with more hp than it actually has. It is light and torque is evenly distributed throughout the rpm range and so it pulls up to 7500 rpm. It really is fast and if you watch the rest of this episode of top gear you will see that it laid down the same time as an M3 on the test track.
- What the RX-8 lacks is﻿ torque. It doesn't accelerate the best off the line. It takes that engine spinning up very high RPMs to really accelerate out of the corners. The saving grace of the RX-8 is its light weight and solid handling. Otherwise, the thing would lay down the time of a VW New Beetle.
Blaw ugly love tha power hate tha car needa have a﻿ fd rz review thatd be epic
I might get this car in the coming months. I heard the rotary engine isn't very good as﻿ it ages. Can anyone tell me what to look out for?
they have to be﻿ rebuilt every 70 000 km, they also burn oil from the factory as a method of cooling
heres an idea, get in an rx8 after its been sitting all night, turn the car on, and immediately turn your rotary motor off. now wait for it, wait for it, oh thats right, you just flooded the motor because it wasnt warmed up. what do you do next?﻿ take the rx8, after $800 repairs and trade it in for a crossfire. then tell your friend with an rx8 to do the same and watch and laugh when he floods his motor. GREAT MOTORS!!! NOT
peice﻿ of shit mustang all day
peice of shit ..mustang all day ﻿
ahh the mustang. all the performance of a .... shopping﻿ cart with a big engine. Live rear axle. That car is rubbish. It has about as much tech in it as an ox and cart. Oh yes... and no limited slip diff... yes the mustang... "great" car
Around 18 mpg in the city, and﻿ 22 on the highway. Shit, I had an older truck that got better milage than that...
lmao ikr ths to low for these gas prices tday my mom wanted to get one but i guess not ill juss get c240 mercedes gets about 19city nd 26highway but 02ones its﻿ about 10k used
really???? keeps the carbon away??? cause when i accelerate till redline, i fell like my balls r gonna explode, i dont like to﻿ do it frequently
Garbage car. Can't believe they still﻿ make it.
The only downside a wankel has are the apex seals. One piece apex seals can cause damage to rotors and housings when they snap making an expensive rebuild. Changing from one piece apex to two-piece apex seals would be a safer choice and more reliable. If they snap they will do so inside the rotor saving the housings rotors and plates. quick and cheap rebuild. It might be a pig of an engine but its worth every drop of fuel you﻿ feed it
Awesome car but i chose the 2004 VW﻿ R32 :P
I love it now, but IMO it looks like a ladies﻿ car
I chose the 2003﻿ Corolla Sedan 1.6
I hope you don't own one...what a shame to us﻿ RX8 owners if you did...
They managed to make the styling even fussier when they redesigned it. The﻿ engine is great, lots of personality. But the body style really isn't attractive.
Its the best car of the year... as long as you put a good set﻿ of 600 dollar tires on it.
Rotary engines sound so unique. It's a shame it creates pitiful torque and and gulps fuel. Otherwise I think it would be a much more popular layout for engines.﻿
Never said "only" firstly,... and secondly, the S200 and RX-8﻿ high revving, high HP, low torque engines only work because the cars are so light.
Actually he said﻿ it wasn't very economical so you just weren't paying attention.
i dont get it he says there is enough from in the back for 2.2 children but﻿ there is only 2 seats?
i dont get it he says there is enough room in the back for 2.2 children but there﻿ only two seats
If these are so great, and they do look great, why are they selling for <£3000?!﻿
I wondered that, I saw them for £3-4k on PH, thought to myself "Ahh, a cheap modifiable Jap car!"... Turns out﻿ you gotta have deep pockets if you wanna get decent power gains in these babies. That coupled with the fact they have fuel pump clogging and poor oil supply (pre-09), their reliability is questionable at best (google rx-8 apex seal). That said, they can be wonderful cars when treated right.
:-( Such a shame. I have heard horror stories of the﻿ tips wearing out. I have grand designs on scooping the engine out of an rx8 to shoehorn into a mk1 mx5. Sadly I think the engine is the worst part of the car! Fingers crossed for a further revision of a rotary where they get it right!
It's a package of problems. that﻿ RX-8.
This sexy car is like.. a sexy woman. Sexy, and high maintenance, extremely﻿ high.
Dad had one of these cars when I was 13 (now 18). Turned heads everywhere! He got one of the first production lines in 2004 so it was new to peoples eyes. More of a toy than for being practical. >22 mpg, high oil consumption, engine kept flooding, tires﻿ at £200 a piece, depreciated like a grand piano off a cliff. etc. etc. But he still said he never regrets owning it for 3 years. Thats what makes it a great car.
Anyone﻿ saying an RX-8 is a bunch of problems needs to go back to their cylinders....that is all!
From the outside it doesn't look like much, its like a wanna be european car or something but when u sit inside holy wow its all about the driver. It feels like ur driving a super car, when you accelerate amazing power and sound. I use to have a﻿ 00 si, going from 45 in 6th gear in the rx8 feels like going 45 in 4th gear in the civic. I love the RX8 you get so much more 2 much to list, right now a 99 00 civic si cost MORE than a 04 RX8 haha people r clueless
thats why theyre ending the rx8 all together and﻿ extincting the rotary right?﻿ pistons>rotors. not to mention it gets 16 city and 22 highway so much for a 1.3...
RX8﻿ <3
rx7 > rx8 get real people﻿ fuck.
The rain is really a non issue, I'm not sure why he would﻿ mentioned that at the end of the video. Just take it easy in the rain. If you're really concerned get the model with Traction control. In North America only the GT model had traction control. Not sure about Europe. And with a 30 mile trip to work I would be more concerned about fuel costs...
it may be the best car, til the GT-R came﻿ out of no where.
The RX-8 will﻿ never live up to the RX-7.
My RX-8 in NFS has poor handling...﻿
This video can't be right, Jeremy says it's the best car he drove that year and that same year he drove the﻿ GT-R... Simply put, there's no way the RX-8 compares to the GT-R, are beasts of different species!
But I think that the RX7 is﻿ better. no..?
If you like adding oil every 500 miles, not knowing how to work on﻿ your own engine, and a pussy magnet, buy this car.
get a wrx. and﻿ never look at a field the same way again. i love mine.
if i want a﻿ driving experience.. get a bmw m3.
or a bmw 335d sedan. mmmmm 265 hp 416 ft lbs torque. sedan styling. bmw handling. diesel torque. mmmm﻿ i gotta say. they hit the nail in the head.
I see people talking about BMW and STI.. and I agree they are better car than the RX-8﻿ but thing is that if you are a 20 year old kid like me who pays for his own stuffs and you gotta think about your insurance and your fuel and maintenance then I am pretty sure you are gonna go for the Mazda.. unless you are Richie Rich of course.
well Rotary engine is far more costly in terms of maintenance (since you have﻿ to change oil and stuff more often than the other) but i do agree on taking the Mazda, its just the best bargain for our money :)
It has crap torque dude. I love it too but it's﻿ all revs
looks kinda ugly imo O_o, but u get what u﻿ want for the price i guess :P
because it is running on double cream. Rotary < Piston. At least for﻿ now anyway. There could be some potential, but as it is, Rotaries aren't worth it.
the only problem is... the engine is like an one year old baby.. u really have to care for it otherwise u will brake it.. i dont say it isnt durable, but u must care for it! so think twice if u can afford that.. when u﻿ can.. its an insane car
Save your money, get an S2K or Z instead, or if you're feeling really smart, a 4th gen LS1 fbody. Rotary motors are unique... and that's about it, other than that, its benefits are﻿ hard to perceive.
and expensive :D﻿
well it use nearly as much oil as it use gaz and the engine is dead after 150.000km but when you see how dirt cheap it is honestly it's hardly a cons, you get a whole new engine for the same price as a big﻿ service from mercedes/bmw/audi...
Since there's three explosions per cylinder in a rotax instead of one, you gotta calculate it as a 3.9l engine. And because they pump up oil like﻿ there's no tomorrow, it drinks a bit more per 100km. Trust me, I got a friend who has one and this beast is thirsty.
But you are correct very fuel and oil thirsty﻿ machines.
Have 04 rx8 (231) for almost 2 months,fuel consumption is high,but﻿ oil is nowhere as bad as people say,the only issue I've found is that no one will race you at the lights! :) all in all great car.
The﻿ RX8 is terrible in the fuel consumption department.It burns more fuel than a E63 AMG!
That's just plane wrong. The RX8 gets 18mpg combined, where as the E63 AMG only gets 15mpg combined. Compared to other vehicles in its class it only gets 1.5mpg less than average. Please do your homework before blurting out﻿ false information!
i like the rx8 but as far as ive﻿ searched there are a lot of engine failures.
love these cars, theyre stupidly cheap now a days aswell﻿
2 yrs ago I got a good deal on one and got it, Its a very "fragile" car to sum it up. Power is meh and it has no torque. I also hated that I couldn't just drive it, I had to warm up the engine forever and make sure﻿ never to turn it off if it was cold. Adding 1qt every 1.5k miles was annoying n if the engine would break down on me id have to look for a mech that works on rotary engines. Too much trouble for shit performance and bad mpg. I got an Evo now. just as shit quality but much much faster
U might wanna double check, the new Mustang GT gets over 30mpg of hwy now =)﻿
My "bullshit" was saying that I didn't like all the trouble I had to go through to maintain the rx-8 and still get shitty performance... I'm not comparing it to your granny's Buick, I'm comparing it to sports cars and for the trouble there's way better cars. I'm glad you like your 8 though. Enjoy it. I'll continue saying the same thing since I OWNED both﻿ cars and didn't just take it out for 5 min around the block.
Hey guy wtf are you arguing about? just stfu man u look like an idiot. Its not hard to see the Evolution is a way better car than the﻿ rx8. I think the rx8 looks cool but its not in the same league as an Evolution. if you love the rotary engines trade your car for an rx7 then you can fight an Evolution and maybe win.
An opinion is not "false" information. You keep bringing up the handling as the savior for the 8, yeah the car handles nicely but do you really think you're going to outrun an EVO in the twisties? What about the fact that it has no torque? Gets incredibly bad mpg for a 1.3,﻿ wait, it gets bad mpg period. So ill say it again the performance the 8 puts out isn't worth the special treatment it demands. At least in my opinion to be fair, but if you're ok doing that then go right ahead and enjoy it.
Wow dude you really are a fan boy. "I invested a few thousands of dollars on my 8 and now I outrun stock evos" NO WAY!!! REALLY? Dude less than $1k on an Evo gets you +80hp and +80tq... Anyways dude enjoy your 8 I'm sure there's many people out there who also think like you do. Just dont try the 8 forums since they agree that the Evo is﻿ the better car.
I'm not going﻿ to argue with you about the Evo because I can't win that argument. Out of the box the Evo is faster but you will pay a lot more money for the car, the RX8 on the other hand is bought for the experience not for the tech specs! A mid pipe, cold air intake, and AccessPORT cost a grand total of 1k and gained me 30+ ft. lbs... a seriously noticeable difference in the RX8 and did allow me to outrun a 09 Evo on a tight track. Doesn't mean the RX8 is better, but pretty cool none the less.
You have a good point, but I have wrote about the RX8 flaws, which it does have. However I won't sit back and see someone bash a great car like SexSlave94﻿ has done. If someone didn't like the car fine, just don't go telling people its shitty quality and terrible performance if its neither!
rx-7﻿ > rx-8
Well,﻿ it was my first car, so unfortunately I don't really have anything to compare it to. It supposedly gets 16 city/22 highway, but the way I drive it I probably get worse. I get by putting midgrade in it and it costs me about $40 a fill up. Although as far as I can tell, it's a real pig.
great looking﻿ car, great handling, worst gas mileage ever
never drive﻿ it in winter, it floats ont he snow xD
not﻿ as much as an fr-s...
Hmm im really thinking about getting this car,﻿ but I hear many defects about it...For example maintenance,im sure i can take care of it well as it IS a rotary engine, changing the oil ever 3k miles, redline it, warm it up before every start, cool it down before turning it off, etc... but still I have doubts, and i hear the gas mileage is TERRIBLE...any opinions? I'd like some help...
woah dude i think the rx8 is nice﻿ but thats just crazy haha
Lmao, I got hit by a guy in a RX8 last month on the﻿ first wet day of the season.
I bought a 2004 RX-8 in feb and I really love the car it has been really reliable and﻿ its a everyday driver. The gas mileage can be frustrating however not so bad with highway miles and smart shifting. As far as cooling the engine down before turning off the car , the 8 has a built in fan that blows when the car is off especially in extreme heat. Not a good car to buy new when it still was in production but great used.
RX-8s are fun,fast, and in my opinion very nice looking cars for the price. i have a 2004 and a 2011 and they are both in great running condition. Fact is they are expensive when it comes to keeping them up and fueling them, but if they are properly maintained﻿ they last for ages.
Heard rx8s have a lot of engine﻿ problems, true? Anyone with one experienced anything bad?
If you brag about how powerful the "1.3" is, you must also mention how much it likes petrol. Friend of mine didn't even get 20mpg in his Rx8...I'm not anti Mazda I dd a mx5 btw. If﻿ you don't mind terrible economy then the Rx8 is awesome. My 91 1/2 ton 2wd 5.7 chevy truck gets right at 17mpg....got 19mpg over a 500 mile trip trying to conserve with 320k and it's never had a valve cover pulled.
I agree. Also, the way the engine is designed makes it in actuality a 2.6﻿ liter. Just for those that don't know much about this car. They also have problems with oil consumption due to the Wankel design.
Also i wouldn't recommend the Mazda if it would be your first car, they can, like they say in the video, be a little skittish if you push them without any real driving experience.﻿
it would﻿ be the all around perfect car if it burned less fuel. the damn thing burns more than my tuned carburated 2.0 inline 6 BMW 320.
I liked the car too, I drove it on a public track during a test drive (if you get my drift﻿ ;D heh...drift...) but seriously, it has all the lag without the turbo. Great for hard driving, but the second you drive it like a sane person it feels so slow. You guys should really go look at it's torque curve. I've also grown very tires of the engine sound.
Wouldn't touch a Wankel, thisty unreliable. Didn't the earlier one's in the States have issuses with engines failing due to the oil being so thin to achieve US mpg?﻿
rx7 is﻿ better
1.5 million very nice but i buy a boat LOL﻿
I would never in a million years buy this car. Aside from it being a gas guzzler; I know the maintenance on this﻿ thing is insane... Another waste of american dollars. Great review Steve.
I saw one of these on a car park the other day, it was shockingly awful :o(﻿ Cheap materials, looked wrong, just bloody awful :o(
Jesus! 14 mpg?!! kinda spoils﻿ the fun :-/
These damn extreme green house emitters should be illegal to﻿ use as a daily driver, or penalized a CO2 tax at every fill up basis calculated 100% the cost of fuel..
Looks better than the﻿ original 300, but still ugly
i﻿ miss that old "poor man's bentley" look
"handle the road with finess" as the car runs out of it's lane and recovers awkwardly... I'm sorry Steve, but I have to disagree with you there.﻿
I wish that there wouldnt be any chrome around the taillights on the "black Chrome edition"﻿
i like the review﻿ more than i like the car
if i look at overall performance of this car i'd say its even worse .5L and only 400hp is still a depressing figure the compared to the gtr's 530 hp 3.8l V6 which is on par performance with the 640 hp 6.2L V8 ZR1, despite having a huge weight and power dis advantage, but the sad thing is when it came to the ring the gt-r did it on stock tyres whereas the﻿ zr1 had non-streetlegal superslick racing tyres. think before you start making an arse out of yourself.
The only "arse" here is you. I guess it slipped your brain that the GT-R is AWD. That's the only advantage it has over the ZR1. If you knew anything about cars you would know that the torgue curve﻿ of a V8 is different than that of a V6. Who would pick a GT-R over lets say an Aston Martin or even a MB S65 Biturbo? Those cars have CLASS and performance and they SOUND great unlike the kiddy car GT-R. And no 412 HP is not bad for small naturally aspirated V8 that cost under 30,000.
the V for sure, these﻿ look very bland in comparison
You cant really go wrong with either one. I﻿ would say performance is probably better with the CTS-V but cost of ownership is probably going to be quite a bit cheaper with the 300. Both really great cars.
what a pimp car.﻿
too﻿ much tire spin = poor traction!
A heated steering wheel? A little over the﻿ top. The car is sexy with the black grill though.
its a nice ride but at the end of the day, its still just a chrysler. ill stick with﻿ my Audi
oh crap already the car is ugly inside and out﻿
6.4 L HEMI ? We﻿ are in 2011. Try to built more economical cars. But what do I expect from American trash cars -.-
This car is shit. Europeans built more economical cars which are faster too ?! The Americans just don't know how to built cars ! Maybe it's cheaper but look at this plastic trash in the inside of Chryslers, Dodges, Chevrolets﻿ and this whole crap. Just bad ! :D
you clearly have not worked on cars. yes this srt is nice cuz of the performance, but german cars are WAY more advanced than american cars. american cars feel like kias on the inside, and the engine designs are so﻿ messed up, it no wonder nobody buys american cars. take any bmw, mb, volvo, or audi it will handle better than your best american car, and have a longer lasting drivetrain. BTW i think chrysler is trying to copy the M5 with this, not the other way around
470 hp from 6.4 L ??? still cant build proper engines...﻿
I love how the car flexes like hell al 1:15. Sign of a good suspension setup ... * cough cough *. Still a very cheap way to go really fast ... to the next pump ... XD﻿ ... Sorry i would love a new challenger because u would not mind it being a bit dodgy, because its just a honest mussel car, but this ... Its not even american, witch proves that we europeans also build shitty cars.
There is one thing i think Chrysler should do: take the 300, lighten﻿ it, further tune the suspension and put the viper v10 in it then call it the Chrysler 300 SRT10 supersports and vuala, you will have and american car that is better than an M5
The Old 300 looks better!﻿
I like that chrysler changed the 300. It was﻿ starting to look very aged :( But I think they made a huge mistake by taking too many cues from the Challenger and putting them into the Charger. ALL nice cars but the Challenger and Charger both look too similar. Same engines too, I think its going to kill the sales of the Challenger.
same shit as a dodge shit wack perfer bmw﻿
I was listening to this review, think "hey this sounds﻿ actually pretty good" then I heard the price
its pretty cool and﻿ all but think the Cadillac is better because it it pretty close for the price range just my opinion
Only five gears?﻿ This is why Chrysler will always be behind the curve.
Did he just say "elegant appearance"? Nice joke... This thing has horribly﻿ crass looks just like every other American car
wowww you are dumb aren't you? It's right underneath these comments on this same page. You're the type that would buy this car it seems﻿ :-P Too stupid to know better
Shitty mpg all around dodge. Looks nice but they fucked it up. The original was attention getting﻿ this looks like everything else nothing unique. Go back to making it look like a bentley.
Another typical overweight, bloated American car...make it﻿ heavy, low MPG with high HP and the rednecks will come swooning.
If it had the 6spd manual I would﻿ have bought one but it didn't so I got the challenger
good looking car, the only thing ii dont like about it is﻿ those backlights with the chrome lines git rid of the chrome and its almost perfect.
wannabe Audi﻿
all this car is a poor person version of a rolls royce and is really nothing special since its gonna break down in 5 years ﻿
wow wanna﻿ be audi lol
In Finland ,this car are﻿ 'Fiat' - and she got Fiat styling and parts. At least - FI300atC car tax are 'premium quality' in here. So nonsense and wrong..
Um 50.000? bucks fully loaded? i rather get a Benz﻿ or a Audi
still a chrysler.. good design﻿ but like any chrysler/dodge, theyre made like shit
it still american﻿ so when the miles get high its worthless
You forgot﻿ expensive to drive.
for the srt-8 they should have made better wheels to﻿ suit it :/
A bit pricy ,but﻿ a very nice machine
Cool, but why the﻿ LED strips in the headlights??
The first one looked way more﻿ aggressive
haha, Chryslers are so﻿ shitty
A JDM V6 can smash﻿ an American V8.
chrysler﻿ copied Audi
Don't be mad because you can't afford to﻿ buy a european car :) i know it hurts haha Chrysler sucks and so do all american cars they're all piece of shit with no emotions at all just plastic
Youve got to laugh really. All the Yanks are on here defending this pile of shyte. The old one was based on a Merc, so it should have been good, but nope. The Yanks fucked it up....again. And﻿ yes, I do drive a BMW, and anyone else who drives a European car would never buy one of these crates of parts bin leftovers.
American cars are cheap because theyre crap. If﻿ I was forced to own a 300, id drive it at night in case anyone recognised me :)
Lol what a newb. I drive a BMW and drove one of these 300 srt8's﻿ at a chrysler test drive event. This thing rolls like crazy compared to an M5 plus the gear box isn't even DCT... it's like the old steptronic crap from the early 2000's.
Jesus fucking Christ. What is the MPG, 14? Chrylser went bankrupt mainly because of gas prices, > 4 a gal, circa '08. President Obama bailed them out. Now, they are doing the same thing. I once was at a meeting﻿ in Kokomo, Indiana at Chrysler. I met some VP named Ewashyn (spelling?) He said, "fuck gas prices. We will drill in the Grand Canyon." If I had it to do over, I would have leveled the idiot with a left hook.
1st their is no such as a bulletproof tranny in no car.2nd I have no family silly enuff to buy 1 of these ugly cars.We push Jags,BMW'S,or Mercs.If you understood what was said,then you wouldnt have misinfered...I﻿ can see why many people on youtube,are really misleading by 3rd part hearsay....Ask Chysler why they switched to the all new 8 speed zf for the 300c ,ask the consumers who reported to Consumer Reports Magazine why they have this piece of crap rated in the black for the transmission
comfortable steering, great acceleration, smooth﻿ ride but lets be realistic its a "boat"
Admit at first glance looks promising..only concern is the quality and reliablity of the car. ﻿ Hemi r known to have good power but very bad reliablity..
14 city, 23 highway for the SRT8. BMW M5 - 14 city, 22 highway. First car I looked up. And don't forget btw, its much faster as well. Sure they are more expensive, but they are MUCH better cars as well - In all categories; starting with quality of﻿ the interior and ending with the amount of fun you can have racing them. So do not compare them - it's stupid.
Actually the 2012 E63 AMG gets 16 city 24 highway﻿ with more power than this
470 vs 518...but the E63 AMG is almost twice the price as well, and uses a turbo-charger, so it can make a lot of its HP without a larger displacement. I think the SRT8 is larger in space and possibly heavier, so that's some points against it, but overall, I think the﻿ driving dynamics are pretty similar. At least to the average Joe or Jane.
its a nice car but its really nothing﻿ Special to be honest. This car at its price tag would have a hard time competing with a 5 year old Benz or BMW. even though its a nice car i doubt it will sell very well. because there are much better luxury cars out there for that price. this car it like an average sedan trying to pretend that its a luxury car. that's My impression anyways.
I like the SRT8s a lot but the only thing that's helping them in the fuel economy is the cylinder deactivation system. Besides that, they're fitted with the older 5-spd auto from Mercedes, but the newer AMG models are equipped with the 7-spd which give it taller over-drive ratios that help fuel﻿ economy. And the AMGs final drive gearing is always tall and taller than the ones in the SRT8, which only helps. So the srt8 won't dominate in the fuel mileage department. But not that I'd care too much!
Old one was﻿ better
i hate that front end they﻿ could have done better with it
srt8 like hell only satan﻿ can drive it .
poor man's rolls royce﻿
piece of junk... just like any other car... If you are interested in purchasing a car that holds a price﻿ tag as this one, you will NEVER go wrong with BMW M3! If you are seeking performance, M3 will blow the any srt8 vehicle..
The interior looks cheesy and too busy but I do like the engine﻿ and the exterior isn't that bad.
Car﻿ is ugly imo.
he has a point, the m3 is a better car, but its twice the price, really like the 300, though 14mpg﻿ is pathetic, i thought 30 was bad now a days, my honda does 55!
i'd say it handles like a﻿ cruise ship
mmmm nah!﻿ i'll pass! the car looks great but 6.4 engine only gets 470hp?? my Infiniti M56s with a 5.6 gets 420hp a programmer for my car and i should beat the srt8 since, it gets 12.9 quarter mile vs my 13.2 quarter mile well depends on the driver too! just my opinion!
Very harsh on DS5 Mat, don't expect any more Citroens for test reviews :D I've been in﻿ this DS5 and it's amazing, really not french-like. But when I saw it the other day on the street, it just passed by me. The styling becomes interesting when you're close to it and you take a look at all the small details. From far away it just looks like C4 Picasso or some similar MPV tbh.
Styling is perfect. Interior looks promising. But once you take out the ride comfort, its not a citroen﻿ anymore.
Ouch, not a very glowing review.﻿ Seems it's more a car to look at than to own. Hope that won't be true of the 9.
wtf, revs out﻿ at 6k and its a DIESEL?
Hmm doesn't get a tick in my books, although I like how they are getting out there and trying to innovate with the concept design, the interior speaks for itself, the buttons look very confusing especially for a techno n00b like some parents. I am VERY glad to have the Ford Falcon over here in Australia, seems like nobody other than Ford and Holden can create a family car sedan﻿ with plenty of leg and head room, a big bottle approved glove box. And not to mention the falcon engine ;)
i salute citreon. while driving away in an Audi A4﻿
Lol. Compared to a BMW / Mercedes / Audi. You can just get any of those﻿ and have better quality. And on top of this, you know that you bought something french. Even a used German car for the same price as this will be much better, yes it is different, but it's french, and does not have to same appeal to me, as a German car. Any anybody french, please don't reply to my comment.
Ugly﻿ heavy depreciation French piece of junk.
Problem with Citroen is the design ages really badly. While it looks good now it will look pretty bad in a few years time, unlike a well design Audi or BMW which will make all the way to classic. It's over﻿ designed.
awww..i was hoping this car to be﻿ great...dyemmm!
Good design is timeless. A good design concept from the 1950's can be good now, even if it is out of date. The problem with Citroën is﻿ that they make fashionable cars and fashion, eventually, goes out of fashion.
No it doens't! Do you actually have any experiance﻿ with new BMW / Mercedes or Audi? Citroen can't just keep up. And that's it.
Can I add "I wave them goodbye"? I also appreciate original thought, but I am not prepared to go the step further and buy a car that sacrificed quality (effective, not appareances, which are good on the DS5) for﻿ originality.
Was that﻿ a concept cars because looks weird and unusual
I actually had a﻿ look at the latest statistics I found on their website (2010) and Citroen does not seem to shine...
the C5 was beautiful. This one's a bit﻿ too weird
Beautiful styling and﻿ details, too bad it's missing practicality
You can't﻿ compare Citroen with MB which is the best car maker in the world!!!
New cars often seem reliable. I did notice an apparent improvement on French cars (maybe more on Renault than PSA, but the latter was not as bad as the former), but some questionable choices make me sceptical. Most reliable cars are also rational, logicly developed and functional. Not sure cars like the DS5 or the 208 fit the bill. Maybe the 308 is a bit better. I consider reliable a car not showing its 10-15 years age, so today I'd look at R-reg to 52-reg cars. Time will tell for newer﻿ cars.
bro my father has a bmw 5 series f10 and it is﻿ better than a Citroen DS5 and faster and it tops the Citroen DS5 in luxury
Looks great, not a﻿ fan of the chrome strips at the front tho.. What the hell?
i would﻿ get the a4 rather than this gimmick kthx bai
nice design but the rest...meh, wouldn't﻿ buy french
what a shame.﻿ how about DS3?
is it really﻿ that french cars famous for mech problems ?
smaller,﻿ stupidier, frencher
I travel by car a quite a﻿ lot and I don't mind the "massaging seats". I first saw the DS5 at Frankfurt Auto Show and I loved it. I drove it some time ago and there was one thing that really bugged me and for me it could be a deal braker. I'm not a fan of cupholders as Mat BUT there is absolutely no cupholder in the center area so I really cannot imagine travelling 800miles and having to reach the "big bottle" in the door compartment. I would trade the sun roof for 2 cupholders every moment.
this is car is a kitch car,look very good but mechanicly it's a garbage,and i﻿ know it!!
I like the review very much, nice to see Mat﻿ again, but I don't like the car... It's too flamboyant, the controls seems to have been thrown against the dashboard randomly and I don't like the rear view cut in half by the spoiler.
Ford Focus is still﻿ King.
"if﻿ you follow me into the back i'll show you some other problems" MORE PROBLEMS?
I could not agree more , usually is the case if they look good from Citroen they are outer crap that brakes all the time﻿ ...and they depreciate like a brick .
I love this car! But prefer the DS4 in﻿ terms of size.
Car sucks, but it looks﻿ good though.
Wow when Matt is sitting in the﻿ back, those headrests barely come up to the bottom of his neck. They'd have to extend up to the ceiling to be of any real use. Overall I like what Citroen are trying to do here, but a few bits do look they're quirky for the sake of being quirky.
another crap﻿ from citroen...
it looks great but i'm really disapointed in those little things, specially in ride comfort i guess ride sucks because its actually c4 platform just made bigger in stead of﻿ c5 or c6 with air springs
how the hell is Citroen still making enough money? i'm sorry but i've seen all the citroens from the US here and i can't imagine why anyone would want to buy them, they're not very practical or stylish, and the performance? forget about it. like i wish some cars from europe would kinda start showing up in the US, like the﻿ Alfa Romeos, but others, like citroen, i'm glad don't have any presence at all.
Pretty poor car then﻿
but how good can the "amazing feeling" be with horrible steering feel? I think Matt did a good job of showing that this car﻿ is more about the icing than cake and if you prefer icing, which you obviously do, then that's fine too.
It's not actually pretty from the side and judging by the review it's pretty rubbish too overall.﻿ Price?
Wow, not seen that version of the ds5 before with that chrome,﻿ my reaction was the same as yours lol Sorry, the interior is an overkill of grey and that centre console just accentuates it more :o( Follow the crowd or go for something that won't last............I'll just avoid the boring audi and go for a merc instead lol I like the front styling, but the rear looks like it's been sat on by an elephant :o(
I don't care this car flaws if I vould I would buy﻿ it without any regrets... BTW Mat RULES!
Wow costs the same as an a4.... Who in their right mind would﻿ buy this car instead of the a4!!
Something different but not very good. That's why you buy a German car. Classic but still very﻿ good looking, and top class ...
I think Matt didnt like this car at all lol!! I like everything about this car but the exterior design is a little too much﻿
When he refers "concept cars", i noticed that he doesn't like the ds5﻿ xD but, he did a good review about the car. It's a good professional. This car is great. It has defects and the design is not consensual, but as Citröen fan, the brand is in a good way. The DS line is better and better. I hope the DS9 will be awesome.
At the end of the day: the﻿ DS5 has some very good looks, and a well made interior, as well as a decent diesel engine. But it drives like crap. So I wouldn't buy it.
it's not about being different - it's about getting a great car that'll keep you entertained﻿ for a while .. i'd get the a4 anyday ... sorry this is just another great idea with bad french execution
well, it may be different﻿ from a german car... but its more like a jap car.... soo, I rather drive a boring german car than a french copy of a jap car
This citroen is so﻿ ugly
I would rather drive a 15 year old 5 series than this. Gypsy gadgets don't mean﻿ a car is good. It looks embarrassing. Like a cheap suit.
God so much buttons and stuff, did i order a space﻿ shift? jesus.
Well, if he is consistent﻿ in his pickiness, then I think its okay. The ride may not be bad "at all", but may be worse then in the competitors. And thats the point of reviews.
This﻿ citroen is really ugly
shit car﻿
and another 3 words: overpriced shitty car﻿
Great alternative? stop fooling your yourself, you made a really﻿ bad decision owning that car.
LOL @ CITROEN! Always making gross﻿ cars.
The car is beautiful no doubt, but its TERRIBLE on back roads; harsh, bumpy solid ride, hit a pothole or a bump and it will knock your hoe's silicone implants down﻿ to her fan... Stick to a c5 for better ride quality and extra leg room in the rear
The only thing holding me back from buying the DS5 is the suspension.....i really wanted the hydractive suspension for comfort﻿
The only brand that can pull off 'style-over-substance' is Alfa Romeo. Citroen has been trying for decades and failed yet again. Great review and thanks for pointing out the crippling downsides on a car that could otherwise charm the majority of clients into buying it.﻿
europeans﻿ just make toys not cars...japanese are created for automobiles actually...
its more toy﻿ than an automobile....japanese are far better than any one else in car makin...
This DS5 is a big mix I think- French cars are very poorly made, they don't last and I WOULD NEVER BUY ONE. They do look amazing though, the DS3 and the people carriers look great, but you just know they're not going to last. For the same money as an Audi there is no contest- go for﻿ the German engineering!
ahhh dam, my favorite car from the geneva auto﻿ show is full of flaws
did u notice what mat said...nothin﻿ good in that car, buh its all about taste...japanese make for masses, n if you like to see luxury chechk out lexus gs450 review n see the interior...my tastye is japanese not european toys...
interior is awesome,﻿ exterior.........too much like a Hyundai.......=-)
diesel = lung cancer DS5 = huge failure﻿
You found so many faults on the car, so many categories where it falls sort against its German rivals, and still, you salute them? That's not flat pack﻿ furniture money, it's a serious investment. Come on, unique? Uniquely faulted.
Agree with this vid -﻿ interior looks great but seems a bit substance over style and I'm not a huge fan of the chrome on the A pillar....
too﻿ big
Volvo. An investment﻿ in swedish boredom.
16.2 years? that doesn't seem that long, but I'm sure it is as an average. Got a﻿ 740 GL that is nothing but trouble at the moment, BUT it has been left standing for years and there's no rust apart from round the sunroof and the misfiring just needs to be sorted out
what do you mean? old cars pollute more than 3 times then modern cars? but volvo cars pollute﻿ less then others, but a volvo from back then is polluting way more than daily cars.
i've also heard that cars are reconditioned often in japan, but my friend who's japanese said part of that is that they have really strict safety﻿ inspections every couple years personally my friends/family and i have all had way better luck with japanese cars than with other ones, except for minor body rust on older models if they're kept outsde and exposed to the road salt
Saab was superb﻿ before GM took it over and ruined it. Volvo, in my opinion, was better before Ford took it over. At least a Volvo was a Volvo and not a Focus or Mondeo with a different shell and Volvo badge. I would have an old Volvo, but would fit a modern engine to get good economy. An old 244 or 345 sounds good to me.
You are probably right, mij garagist is always saying just﻿ stay driving your 18 years old 940, dont buy newer volvo's, because they have more problems.
Your reviews are the best...and laugh-out-loud funny (not fake LOL funny). I've experienced that fake neutral on my GT1000 a﻿ couple times...sad, but glad to know it's not just my Duc.
The shots of the rear-view mirrors appeared to be "vibration free". Mine shake like a first timer on her honeymoon. Any idea if the test bike had some kind of﻿ mod to cure this?
Great review and spot on! I just bought one of these and it's being delivered tomorrow. YEA! I went to the dealer just to kill time on a Saturday to look at the Diavel. When I found out they do test rides, well sign me up. I took the Diavel for a ride and WOW, smokin fast! But if you are tall (6') the seat jams you up too close to the tank and it throws off a boatload of heat back on﻿ the rider. :(. Before leaving the dealership I was eying the MS. Another ride. And WOW!!!! I'll take it. Sold...
meaning it too﻿ expensive
Ducati really﻿ needs to ditch that "beak" with those hideous nares.
You'd think a useless screen is a big flaw on a $25000 TOURING bike. Are there even aftermarket replacements for﻿ it?
versys﻿ better...hihi
Great review. However, I disagree with you on one point; the digital dash is not "the best dash in the business". The digital dash is very hard to﻿ read, and reflects the sun right into your eyes like it's there to cause blindness. I loved the old honeymooners' choice comment. I'll be checking craigslist for this bike in about 5 or 6 years; I want one, but not at the new price, since I don't want to worry about scratching the (panniers) bags.
I'll stick with the﻿ Hayabusa 1300!
Oh and Ferrari recently did make a 4WD car! And it did﻿ indeed suck! But it looked pretty sexy!
Yeah, we get it, it's just not funny.. at all. The guy is a﻿ wanker, thinking he's clever, but in reality he's just a wanker.
Multistrada﻿ in gravel is like playing soccer in Roberto Cavalli suit,,,,, Buy a Transalp if you want a more hardocre on-off, not this beauty!!
wow, now that is﻿ a really ugly car
forget the﻿ car...who's the guy?!
i like it ... but they should have feature﻿ the new s class or c class...
If you want a luxury﻿ SUV, get the Range Rover.
I liked the delivery﻿ van more, it was so fast.
Mercedes are never fast enough...﻿
Hahahaha okay.... Bmw and Mercedes will rape every car jaguar can throw at them.... and you compare a maybach to a jag?? wtf are you a moron... the only car﻿ i highly respect of Jaguar is the Xj not the ugly ass 2010 one but from 95-09 the car was one of thee best looking cars on the road.
Agreed, I prefer older XJ design as﻿ well.
and then they﻿ killed it. the brand...with that car..the cheap one
Those dumbasses﻿ at TATA will probably screw up Jaguar by putting in their shitty tech in these magnificient beasts. FORD, PLEASE BUY JAGUAR BACK!! IT WILL DIE WITHOUT U IN THOSE CHEAP INDIAN HANDS!!!
Oh man, I'll miss the good﻿ Jaguars. Ford, why on earth did you sell Jaguar and Land Rover to TATA? I've lived in India for two years and TATA's cars, which are almost all little economy cars are crap!
Its a good ad. but the X type and the S type were the worse jags ever made. Long live my old XJ40 :P﻿
For all the Jaguar fans out there, to which I count myself a member, Ford's premiership over the marque was﻿ the most disastrous of the big cat's history. Almost as bad as GM's takeover of Saab.
i thought i was the only one thinking this.....i love the old jag lines and i love how the hood on my x type looks compared to these new models.....too bad that companies have to please these stupid people as you call them....but they still look better than any other car on the road﻿ :)
it had﻿ AWD before this, it just got a power and look upgrade other wise th audi r10 would own it, and they are owned by the same company so it wouldnt be good
Is anyone else not a huge fan of those wheels?﻿
what city is this in? sick﻿ car lambo gallardo 560
This is not a car for L.A., unless you get the automatic version and sit in heavy traffic...cool﻿ car if it comes without that automatic transmission stuff.
my punto can﻿ beat this
The car is﻿ Gorgeous but the rims don't do it justice, they should have designed some really amazing rims to go with it...
Don't get me wrong, the technology placed into this car is phenomenal. But I am not a fan of the Gallardo/LP560 body. It reminds me of one of those generic "Hot"Wheels" cars I saw when I worked at the Dollar Tree. I perfer the style of the Murceilago. It has a curvy﻿ and powerful look to it. Kind of like a fitness model with enough bodyfat in ONLY in the right places.
just a﻿ beefed up VW
Too bad they did﻿ not forget to beef up the price ;)
i would rather take an﻿ Audi R8 V10 in blue
so the girly dude is still here...i dont want to argue with assholes like u...I can even bring you a photo of me with a bugatti veyron... where i live lambos are considered limos so before u challenge someone, check the size of your penis you girly guy...also no need to reply me cuz your banned now. go pick on girls﻿ now.
I died a little inside... i think the Germans have "Americanized" Lamborghini in an effort to make profits. when Lamborghini has always been extreme and uncompromising. I do NOT belief good old Ferruccio wanted this to happen... what ever﻿ happened to the gorgeous, stunning yet small and humble Italian villages? How did we end up having a comercialized brand? this is Lamborghini people, it's Ferrari's competition... do you think Ferrari would go as low as this? Comercials? Ugghhhh.... =/
were is the passion of the italian cars? were is lamborghini's passion? desire to win, to beat every ferrari, or﻿ whatever else... was changed for this? clubs, looks, USA... I can't imagine what Ferrucio would think, would feel about that... : /
I know that. Still,﻿ in the eyes of a possible buyer they do compete right. You're not like "hmmm r8 or Gallardo..oh they're owned by the same company so might as well" Each company has it's own marketing and promotion department therefore they are competitors. As a business, whoever wins (whichever car is bought) Audi wins no metter what.
yes,﻿ there are aways idiots to do such a thing... but ferrari's focus isn't that, lamborghini's is starting to be man, that's horrible :/
Such an adolescent commercial. The design﻿ seems so cold and emotionless. Regardless being a bull means it's a bold head turner. The R8 V10 is my choice, personally speaking. Though the F458 Italia would be the obvious performer and style winner.
i pop a ocean of boners﻿ every time i see those wheels
Gasoline drinker Money﻿ burner Ferrari Idiots magnet
OK, a babe magnet car? hell﻿ no, picture this: two guys both in a car, on in a red F430 F1 Spider, and one in this Black LP560-4, drive-by, girls look at the cars, who gets the most attention? the guy in the F430! why? because (the lambo is a Stunning car!) the lambo is just a car for a man with much money, and wants to brag. a ferrari also shows elegance, and is a hardly bragging car.
if i could get any car in the world. fuk lambo, and ferrari﻿ i would get a Mclaren f1 :)
I have a lamborghini gallardo but I think﻿ that Murcielago has a better looking design...
As a true enthusiast, I think an Enzo is definitely better than a Reventon. The Enzo is a F1 engineered marvel. Although rare, the Reventon is still a Murci at heart. For the list price of a Reventon, I could've bought an Enzo, a Murciago, a Zonda, and still have﻿ money left for a lifetime of gas.
L.a to san fransico.. shid.. with a lambo you prolly stopped at about 100 gas stattions.﻿ beautiful car though~
the Corvette﻿ ZR1 OWNS this shit, for less money....
its not﻿ really looking THAT good.. and its extremely uncomfortable.
owning a lombo proves how smart you are handling money.... when﻿ you can get something better.. lol
I don't﻿ like sport rims. It looks old school.
this video was made by guidos and faggots so you need to spend $250,000 on a car so you can get some﻿ more STD infested pussy? or do they need a selling point for this overpriced piece of shit, when the ZR-1 is half price and can outperform this joke car.
Nice car. But i prefer a﻿ porsche. :)
ONLY ONE THING IT CANNOT DO , Fuel Saver...Thumbs up if you agree﻿ xD
lol... Lamborghini is so expensive in Malaysia...cost you over million of﻿ Malaysia ringgit(1 auro=4.32euro)
is 1.85m Malaysia Ringgit without﻿ insurance...convert to euro which is 427.701 euro...crazy price
The old front end looked way cooler than the new pointy﻿ one.
mclaren﻿ f1 destroy it
this things are heavy as hell= handles like crap﻿
I'm sorry mate, are you talking about VW and their 'artistic style and presence' - because all this is, is an Audi (expensive VW in fact) and as far as I remember the real Lamborghini from the 60s, 70s and 80s used their one and only V12 engine - never had a V10 (created by two 5 cylinder Audi engines by the way). Anything that VW touch﻿ is ruined .. if you have eyes to see beyond the nice shaped and twisted metal shell...
you are right about the add - as film art and desing of﻿ this car its very good, though I am sad VAG has their hands on such unique and distinguished brand as Lamborghini - now its just expencive VAG product. As for VW in my opinion all they ever did was to drown us in tens of millions of cheap crappy beatles - thats how you do it - sell a lot of garbage on profirt and then buy respectful brands that make low numbers of good cars. Sadly this happened with a lot of good brands.
Awesome car; terrible rims...looks like they want you to pay extra for the good﻿ one's because anyone in their right mind wont like those
i like superleggera﻿ more...just sayin' :P
the backlight look like﻿ penises
i﻿ like the Y'all Kno dem version better
just something to share. Ferrari has gone far. Lambo company was sold to the Germans. is not longer Italian. Lambo has lost their loyalty from Italians. Ferraris have being more successful in Le mans race too.﻿ But I like lambos as well.
A Ferrari 458 looks better and sounds﻿ better. Don't care if this thing is a bit faster..
458 looks better, drives better, sound better.....Dont care if its﻿ 30hp less than McLaren.
Cool car but i﻿ would be concerned about dealer support outside the UK.
Anyone else notice the plastic﻿ panel at the back of the engine bay shaking around during corners and acceleration and braking?
When it comes to supercars its not always how fast you go its how you look going fast. And this McLaren misses the bar when it﻿ comes to looks. Italia>MP4-12C
The performance figures are amazing. I just wish it looked more.... flashy? I don't know, it's just too boring and﻿ bland looking to me. Something with that kind of specs should more amazing.
Fantastic car, but there's something about the look of the front and back of the car that makes it unattractive ?! If you put the Ferrari Italia and this car side to side, you can tell the difference ! Ferrari has the excitement factor on the appearance﻿ that the McLaren don't have !
I want to love it but I can't. It's like a﻿ mistress (12C), you may keep going back to her but you know your heart truly lies with your wife (458 Italia). =D
4﻿ people bought the 458.
Its a great car, but its not a true supercar like the 458 is and the 458 is the best looking car﻿ on the market today.
I'm not 100% with the desidn .. it reminds me of something but I don't know what ... it looks like a grown up Fabio﻿ GTS.
the problem i have is that it looks like a﻿ tesla
by the looks of it this car is much more deserving of being "the ultimate driving machine" than any BMW. or any other road car for that matter.﻿ it may not be as terrifying as a CCX, look mad like a lambo or Zonda or have the style of a ferrari but i think as a driving experiance and for sheer performance the McLaren has it licked. Chris Harris saying that it is "Stupidely fast" is quite a compliment
Nice review,great car but...the rear is horrible,it seems like Mazinga's butt and the interior design is cold and glacial as a spaceship! I'd buy﻿ a 458,any doubt at all.
i dont care how well it drives, italia looks way﻿ better
i dont live on the race track. i also drive around the town. then i want something that is awesome to drive as well as looking sexy. and mclaren might be a﻿ great drivers car, but not much of a looker for me
i dont care if people are standing around it. it looks ugly to me. if i own a car, i want to﻿ look at it and feel good. one reason why i hate porsche panamera. it is fast, drives well, cheaper than rivals, large and practical. but it is ugly.
i prefer 458 italia more﻿ options i like the dash layout better too ( customized both on their respective websites)
I think the Mclaren will blow right﻿ by the 458's ring time. As for the GT-R times there are so many official and unofficial times its ridiculous. I believe that Porche only got a time of 7:30 from the GTR using their own driver.
@italiangelding Hahah your so crazy 50 yrs and still not better than mclaren corvette zr1 is more powerful than both mclaren and﻿ ferrari and slower than both cars how you explain that you genius??
this car is fucking﻿ sick
great car but needs to look just a tad﻿ more exciting on the outside.
No serious tests yet I believe.... This for example,﻿ wet track, no serious revving and too little info... Nice sound, pretty good technology, but for my taste, kind of a shitty interior for a "super-car"...
Im not saying I don't like the car, but I﻿ hate how they are taking away the fully manual transmissions. Sure you can have the same "control" or whatever they claim they come with but you lose the experience of driving with a clutch and shifting gears with a stick.
wtf.. The 458's gotten 10x the views﻿ that the McLaren has managed so far
this car is for a person﻿ that doesn't like the BS around the edges. Give me top performance and non of the jizzle.
I﻿ think handling is amazing but it has ugly front end ugly interior and sound like vaccum cleaner.
mp4-12c is cheaper but who knows what the dealer markup might be. I bet it just comes down to personal preference. gt2rs better on track, mp4 faster in a straight line, ferrari....well its a ferrari, lol.﻿
Porsche and﻿ Nissan have 3.8 turbo engines - both developing 530hp. Mclaren have never made an engine and now they have 3.8 turbo with 600hp ?!? Must have enormous turbo-lag, The brits just can't make a good engine
Porsche and Nissan have 3.8 turbo engines - both developing 530hp. Mclaren have never made an engine and now they have 3.8 turbo with 600hp ?!? Must have enormous turbo-lag, The brits﻿ just can't make a good engine
A fabulous car , no doubt an engineering masterpiece , but what a massive letdown on the looks department. Compared to a 458 italia it is so utterly and totally bland and generic . Even let it be faster , sharper and handle better than the Ferrari , I cannot forgive the lack of effort put into the mclarens looks . It's boring , where the 458 is utterly amazingly﻿ beautiful . Oh and I think chris is the best auto journalist in the world
i just dont like it, looks like a "cheap" lotus﻿
I know McLaren's ethos is ruthless efficiency but that shouldn't have precluded a little flair in the styling﻿ department. After all, the F1 was a very nice looking machine. This is so bland in comparison.
Great car﻿ but I'd rather have the Ferrari
I think mclaren are way ahead of it's rivals with this,in certain acceleration tests it beats it's f1 lol but if I'm spending that sort of money looks do play a part and i wouldn't want a car what could be﻿ mistaken for a lotus evora
pretty ugly. and the veyron fuks it up the ass.﻿
Audi R8﻿ 5.2 is the best supercar, fullstop.
This is one of the best cars in the world. But it﻿ is also one of the most boring/ugly cars out there.
boring/ugly cars !﻿ bullshit comments of frustrated guy who hasn't got the money to buy it, huh ?
@TheArfdog Chris Harris has the soft voice of a gay guy at a bar whispering behind your ear "do you have a fag?", oh yea and WHAT IS WITH ALL THE CLOSE-UPS OF HIS MOUTH!!?? Have seen one﻿ on the road, totally boring looking car.
I personally think the 458 is the better of the two. It has much louder and desirable noise, it looks like it belongs on a catwalk rather than beside the cats eyes, you're far more likely to pull a larger crowd if you arrive in one. Also the Ferrari may have less power but it uses it in different ways as opposed to the McLaren. The 458 makes you feel eight years old again and like your living in a completely changed﻿ universe. The McLaren on the other hand gives you no mental changes, it's just
i'd prefer the﻿ 458.... looks more fun to drive with.
Why is everyone comparing it to Ferrari? Oh﻿ yeah, because Ferrari is the best.
It's not even close to be best,lol.It's not even best among cars produced﻿ in it's own nation.Mercedes rules.Always has ,always will.
no way in hell﻿ u wish buddy the 458n is way faster
this car looks like shit﻿ from the back
im sorry but the ferrari looks more exciting.fast doesnt mean everything.in a case of dilemma like this ,the﻿ sheer looks of the ferrari wins already
I like the F1 better, but the MP4-12C is﻿ still good
@sw1000xg "MP4 destroyed the 458 on TG don't care﻿ what they say it is and will always be better than﻿ the 458!" 1. better at what? these are roads cars not racing cars idiot. 2. if anything the 458 beat the MP4 in other tests/tracks, so good job showing your ignorance. fucking retarded biased brits.
I'd take the 458 over mclaren,﻿ anytime
I'd take the Aventador instead, but for a CEO as a somewhat-daily driver, this car is probably WAAAAY﻿ better with the different ride modes
top gear also﻿ admitted that the Ferrari is better so.... Some computer doesn't beat ferrari heart..... P.s. sorry for bad english
this car is too﻿ queit
why does the mclaren symbol have to look like the newport symbol?﻿ they couldn't have come up with anything better?
I﻿ don;t like the back of it
me: Ferrari FXX. wayyyyyy﻿ faster than that McLaren
don't﻿ like this car, i think the 458 is in a completely different league...it might be as fast, or even faster, but it's NOWHERE NEAR as preatty as a 458, it doest'n sound as good, at all, and ii might be more comfy, but who cares? who ever bought a supercar "because it's comfy"??
I'd rather but a Lamborghini, looks much cooler and﻿ makes more noise
lambo﻿
mp4-c? please watch since this slating mclaren have changed the handling characteristics. although still same gearbox, same engine that the reviewers both agreed was worse than 430. i'd take 430 every time﻿
LAMBORGHINI﻿ REVENTON
The thing that sucks about it when you want to drift, the torque isn't set free. So when you do﻿ drift with it, the torque is cut back because the computers are panicking saying "NOO, DONT SLIDE!" and try so hard to put it back straight. I bet if they replace that system with something else or get rid of it, I bet myself and my family that the 12C will beat the 458.
he didnt lafe a single time when he made that clip and he is in a supercar so what do you get really? drive it every day get bored every day it looks to steril i will either have a mercedes benz sls amg its﻿ a lot more fun its better looking and it have no downside.
the lambo﻿ is better every way eksept the lap times so i would have the lambo.
Too much Yak Yak Yak!! Looks Like A MK2 MR2 With A Body Kit. A Good Tuned MR2 Would Piss All Over This And only cost £3 to 5 K to build. Can't Help But Think This Car Will Kill Off McLaren. Far Too Much Dosh.﻿
250 grands﻿ for this pile of british shit ? hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
@USAFSECURITYFORCES21 "McLaren > Everything﻿ else" red bull >﻿ mclaren
its funny they used a german engine and that was with the rev limiter removed, its funny the 458 always ends up being the winner and has received every accolade this year vs the fax machine that just received only one, its funny apple now leads in the computer business and its made in usa, whats even funnier is that all that shit was made up by a fucking ugly british﻿ faggot that hasn't washed his mouth before typing all that bullshit fuck you and fuck anything british
cause they invented racism in the first place ? you're saying that because senna drove for them, mclarens ceo acts and thinks﻿ like a banker and british cars never were and never will be any better than renault or peugeot same garbage different badge british are garbage and dirt fucking cheap,, i wish the siberian weather to split the damn country into 4 pieces so scotland and ireland get their freedom, damn that ugly lookin queen doesnt die too
I﻿ dont know why people say the mclaren has no pizazz, i mean it looks pretty good, not as good as a 458
it looks like f430 from behind.. from the front it has no distinct look.﻿ dont like this car.
this car is boring... i'd rather have﻿ a 458 or even a GT3 RS 4.0 . which is miles more exciting.
i'd have to disagree. while it is a VERY fast car it is still too "clinical" if it can be put this way.. The reason why a normal 911 2s would be more exciting to drive is because it has it's flaws. many of them in fact. and it gives it a personality. the rear mounted engine gives the driver an extra ability to aggressively slide through the corners and the the light front end MAKES you concentrate at high speeds. but it pays off. This McLaren﻿ is almost too perfect to be exciting..
Faster yes but not SOOO fast as to totally change the game. And better than the 458? I dont love the 458, believe it or not﻿ i prefer the Gallardo but how is it better than the 458?
well they would tie coz they have the same power﻿ to weight ratio, but the ferrari might be a little bit faster coz its 35 kilos lighter (80 lbs)
MP4 is different and difficult to control. So﻿ without patience, drivers could not handle well.
I just don't get excited by this car. I guess for me, it's not sexy enough in the way a 458 is. Undeniably a﻿ great car though.
Ferrari makes the best cars, that's why﻿ Tiff and Plato are Ferrari fanboys.
it gives speed & performance but without the﻿ excitement.
Because it's useless without traction control﻿ and all the fancy electronics.
The truth about the mp4-12c,﻿ its a very good car, ican be named a perfect car, but! Its no more than that, doesnt make feel like a 458 Italia, its better, but no better, real drivers can understand that
I reckon the 458 might be better for making you feel like a driving god (even when the driver is a noob), but the 12C goes about the supercar deal﻿ in a much more realistic way, which is why it's absolutely quick and yet manages normal driving better than any supercar. It's the one I'd have!
the Ferrari 458 Italia is better indeed. As other videos show. I did﻿ test both cars on FM, and have my complete review: /watch?v=Q47DEwpMGr0
holyshit. The video really shows﻿ off the fine BRUTAL lines of the 08 STI amazingly well. It just looks so mean in this video. You definitely got your point across!
Too bad the ad agency that made this ad didn't know that the hood scoop is passive. It doesn't actively draw air in.﻿ Kind of stupid. Plus, the new 2008 Sti is very, very ugly. One star.
If the 08 STi looked like your emergency re-design, then I would agree that it is very very ugly lol That re-design you made was hideously ricey﻿ lol BTW IMO this commercial is funny and I give it 5 stars ^.^
Well anyway pigeon still was thinking that his car﻿ is crap =)) New impreza suck, at least about exterior.
Too bad there's zero science behind it... Understand﻿ the engine design and realize it's an impossible event.
you do know that there's no air going trough﻿ the intercooler when the car doesn't move right?
UGLY.﻿ 07 looked so much better =(
I think the reason why he was getting so close to the pigeons shit its cuz he realy wanted to get a grip on that hypnotizing taste, feel, and smell of that dam﻿ captivating pile of Crap... no?
losers. honda power rules everything. ftw﻿
honda SUX big time﻿ !!! lol
I test drove one﻿ myself, not worth selling my Supra for. Then again... I already have an 06 wrx also... ^_^
hellz no dont sell a supra for that.﻿
STI SUCKS! EVO﻿ RULEZZZZZZZ!!
The new STi is freakin﻿ ugly.
fucking subarufans! the new STI is SHIT! .....the EVO is much most BETTER! check videos in﻿ youtube ...... the EVO is the BEST confirmated!
honda will get﻿ mad! I HATE STI! I LOVE EVO!
At least I can fuck my girlfriend in mine.﻿ And like I said, I don't have an STi nor do I want one. I'll take my 330,000 mile Impreza 4x4 because it's better at throwing mud with it's 8 inches of ground clearance (Forester suspension) than your sissy little Evo. That's the way we do things down here in the South, we like it dirty. Oh yeah, I guess your'e a little upset at the link I sent you?? =]
well for all you problem with the new ugly﻿ sti subaru is goin back to the sadan next year
The STi actually looks pretty sweet in person. I've seen a few where I live and the biggest problem is the flashy tail lights. And the interior is really nice compared to the Evo's. A little expensive, but if it's too much the 2009 WRX is DEFENITLY worth﻿ a look. Just about the fastest thing in its price range and is only .1 second slower from 0-60 than an STi...
UGLY subaru all the﻿ time!
that car design is so wrong﻿
i like the old style of﻿ the wrx better
lol this makes me laugh for two reasons. One it urks peta, they suck. Go throw blood on yourself. Two, the hood scoop is not an intake, it's nothing more than﻿ a vent/air shoot for the intercooler. No suction from the motor. Good video though
I want one so badly! .... but﻿ $39,000!!!
Funny but imo﻿ the new STI looks like a car my mom would drive.
Damn they butchered the STI... Its too bad really.﻿ They used to look quite nice.
they're so much uglier now﻿ =( i remember the sleek, rally car look from aroun 2004. it was awesome
This is a pussyed down version of the real classic shape Wrx Sti's, i mean look they havnt even taken of the window trim to loose some﻿ weight and they call this the Sti?
Too Bad﻿ it doesnt suck in air from the scoop! But Funny anyhow! i love my Impreza!
The add changes﻿ nothing. This car is inferior to its predecessor.
this is funny to me because subaru guys have problems with birds actually getting stuck in the scoops while driving. as for who posted this video with the comment of same power and junk.... yeah its way﻿ slower in E.T.'s and speed, sucks at handling. plus hatch design lost its safety of the sedan.
I had an opportunity to drive both the 2007 and 2008 model STIs (pre and post facelift) and while the 2007 was a lot more powerful, it is completely useless for everyday driving. In fact, its excessive power detracted from the driving experience because there was no place where I could safely (or legally) open it up. The new one is (slightly) lower performance than it's predecessors, but for practical use﻿ (i.e. city driving) it strikes a much better balance than the previous STIs.
I'll stick to﻿ my 06 not a fan of the hatch look....
love this﻿ commercial loll But 06-07 looks better !
too﻿ bad it is another shitty hatchback
interesting Harris poll...74 percent of men who buy a Subaru are﻿ openly gay...think I'll stay with Honda.
new subaru is ugly.﻿
honda﻿ civic power! best car... thumbs down! :S fckin bird
HAHAHAH why would you name a vehicle after STI (sexually transmitted infection)﻿
subaru sucks﻿ UGLY CAR MItSUBISHI EVO RULLES NEVEr DIE
Subaru is Just Ugly Piece﻿ Of Shit
Its just the fact that you probably drive a lancer,﻿ not an EVO, but a crappy econo-sedan LANCER! you probably just look up upgrades for it all day long and are bias against the WRX because you cant get one. Whooooops sorry. i'm correct. you SUCK! and both cars are awesome! And... you will never have either!
It would have been more funny if someone﻿ parked next to him in a Hyundai i30 and gone "I cant tell the difference".
too bad it doesn't actually suck air in. ﻿
guys. why is there so much subaru? cause it is﻿ cheap car. like golf... the look of subaru is like shit, no style no history - take a look at EVO. those how hate EVO. try to look at new EVO X and new Subaru. EVO forever. was riding subaru GT, than EVO 6. forget﻿ subaru find something better than few stars, find revolution.
Fuck﻿ Subaru
the 458talia is the best car in history so youd better respect﻿ it
Not﻿ that bad. However, Lamborghini Murciélago is the best
lol lambo on the dirt.﻿ very nice video. lol f12 berlinetta way much better.
bugatti veyron ss kick your ass﻿ bitch
Hell yeah i want one!!! I still like the﻿ Murciélago too! TO MUCH MONEY!!!! >:(
badass commercial and a fucking badass car relentless force indeed hell yeah!﻿
still like the reventon better﻿ though.
Im a ferrari fan in﻿ my opinion ferraris always been better than Lamborghinis but this car is something else the 458 and this one r my two favorite cars in the world
THUMBS UP IF YOU LIKE LAMBORGHINI REVENTON! My﻿ favourite car of all times!
it doesnt compete with the chevy sonic, it competes with﻿ chevy aveo
Same car essentially, the Sonic is the 2012﻿ replacement for the Aveo such as the Cruze was the 2011 replacment for the Cobalt.
This thing doesn't seem to hold a candle to Sonic in my eyes, yes this may be larger but this has short﻿ comings where the Sonic has come foreward. But I wouldn't know quality since I have never been in a Fit but the Sonic is nice. Just a 21 yr olds opinion. ^^
the front﻿ looks like an older nissan quest!
OMG Honda!!! A BMW 535 gets close to those MPG figures and it's got 300 HP and probably weighs twice as much. Honda you've got to get off your ass and start producing﻿ some better cars or your going to go under real quick.
Every material is so cheap﻿ inside.
I guess I was just referring to the MPG. I mean it wasn't to long ago that Honda was one of the MPG leaders but I'm not so sure of that anymore. This car should be getting well over 40MPG don't you think? I love﻿ Hondas I own 2 of them, but I feel that Honda is loosing it spark.
The Fit﻿ is No Go. The Sonic is Go
this doesn't offer a moonroof.﻿
The﻿ 2012 yaris looks better
bad fuel economy for only 117 horse. my 03 Cavalier, while not an amazing car produces 140 horse, 150 lb feet, and still gets nearly﻿ the same fuel economy - and that's almost a decade ago!
valid point. For me, right now though, it's not enough given the competition from Chev's new 1.4 turbo in the Sonic/Cruze, or VWs new TDIs. You have to be a real Honda enthusiast to be swayed towards this vehicle, which is, in my opinion, a very boring car.﻿
sonic﻿
hmmm Im no yaris fan but it gets better gas mileage 30/38 compared to the fits 28/35. Its also almost 1﻿ grand cheaper than the fit, and your saying it sucks cause the Fit has 11 more horsepower /5AT, look Im not going to get into a YouTube argument but the Yaris is a clear competitor to the Fit.
It'd be a wonderful car if they would vamp up the headlight (since I think I could see better by candle light while driving), added another gear (which would prob give it a 40 mpg﻿ rating), and change the DAMN door handles.
The fit it too basic for me and the windows are way too big for me.﻿ The world can see me from the outside
until the Acura﻿ NSX shows up, this is the best vehicle Honda makes
I was debating the same thing.. I wanted to get the sonic hatchback because its more youthful looking as opposed to the fit. But the fit is a Honda is more reliable. I﻿ test drove the sonic and its pretty fast. But I'm only 20, so speed isn't a selling factor for me. I'm gonna get the fit due to reliability! And plus I own a 99 accord coupe and I love it! It has a lot of miles and I know that I will truly love the HONDA fit :) Good luck on your choice!
Im probably gonna get hate for this, but my Fiesta can get 43-45 mpg on the freeway while going 80 miles per hour. I heard if you drive at 55 with the Fiesta you can get 55 mpg. I really like the Fit also, Im trying to get my sister to get one. I wish there was a car that was a mix between the Fit and the﻿ Fiesta.
Look kind of﻿ cheap
It looks gay. For a small person that is nit﻿ a big man. Big men like big cars. Small guys like small cars.
VW﻿ bug style with a Dodge minivan body.
did you test the fit? Obviously the fit beats the fiesta in regards to space in the back but I heard the engine performance is piss poor even compared to the Fiesta. What did you think? I'm getting a manual﻿ transmission also.
It depends on what you want the car for.﻿ The fit is a better people and cargo carrier and possibly more reliable. But the fiesta feels sportier and more fun to drive in my opinion. Test them﻿ both and get whatever you think you would like better.
16k﻿ starting price?? get real!! hondas r suppose to be cheap!!! aint worth it
Oh yeah and a yaris sedan starts at 12k...and offers﻿ far better fuel economy
My roommate owns this car, I've﻿ driven it and can understand the feel and driving comfortably but the overall exterior look I hate I think it looks dinky and stupid. I love power which this car lacks, in a pinch I'd take it but personally i wouldn't drive it. I respect it for what it is, but it's not for me. It's nice to see all the love it has though.
So sad it is not sold in﻿ my country anymore... It was replaced by a cost reduced model made in Thailand or Indonesia (I cant remember), that model is the Honda City.
Nothing﻿ will by better then my civic ek4 :D
still don't know﻿ why they make the center console tilted to the drivers side.. it looks so tacky.. they need to take some styling ideas from the ILX.
Junk, its a shame that these newer "better" honda get worse mpg then there counter parts from the 80's and 90's. Stop making over weight boat like cars that suck all around. Dont get me started on the﻿ hybrids, 87 crx hf 57mpg no hybrid needed!
I was slightly disappointed in the 2013 release because the drivetrains were untouched. There is a big﻿ upgrade on the horizon "Earth Dreams engines" but Honda didn't put them in the 2013s except for the new Accord Rockin my 1999 Civic auto with 229K on it no major repairs.
If you buy and Si﻿ get the 4dr version the coupe didn't change cosmetically still a poor design for the coupe.. Still a bit of a failure Honda sorry. Looks is though I will buy something else.. Still lwaiting for you to surprise me..
beautiful but add more hp, torque, awd/rwd and v6 engine other then that I LOVE﻿ IT 09 CIVIC AND OF COURSE THE NEW 2013
The taillight looks like BMW. Copycat﻿ again. Poor Honda.
Where is the most popular and legendary Hondas? I think the legend died after 90's....﻿
lmao what an﻿ ugly piece of shit. sad to see that this is whats become of the once mighty Civic!
Man forget the civic hybrid, if you want a good hybrid you go with a prius: youtube﻿ /watch?v=X4GCxTd3wB0
Honda, things won't be right again﻿ until you bring back the 8000rpm+ true DOHC VTEC magic.
thanks Honda, for shafting the rest﻿ of us 2012 owners.
They aren't obligated﻿ to do so, are they? Only the Mazda 3 beats the Civic in stock highway fuel economy in the class, FYI. Also, Honda cars tend to meet their EPA figures, unlike some other manufacturers.
i still love﻿ the fa5
Some﻿ of the inventions shown in the commercial are actually more appealling than the car lol
Honda should hire that guy from Hyundai to design cars, While Honda is﻿ reliable, the style suck, cars are too slow. Even the Acura line. Honda used to make cars with great engine. These so called fuel efficient engines burn the same amount as V6, you have to rev higher to pass smart ppl who park in the passing lane.
I saw the 2013 at the dealer for the﻿ first time, the grill, the tail lights and the chrome don't impress me a bit. There is a bit of rubber above the glove compartment and by the windows, but the rest is still plastic. The only thing I like about the 2013 is extra Pandora and review camera. I keep my 2012.
Still a﻿ honda, still looks like shit.
All the stuff in the commercial are better than the﻿ car...
Honda﻿ sucks
Honda hasn't made a cool Civic since the early﻿ 90's. Looks like the same old P.O.S.!
^^^^^^^^this!!!!...that's the reason ill never sell my 94 hatchback, i have a feeling ill never drive﻿ anything like it again.
Man, I miss the﻿ older, simpler civic designs. They looked better to customize and stuff.
Almost everything wrong with the civic is the front-wheel drive drivetrain. Just make﻿ it rwd!
But﻿ even though it's chaper I would probably still go for the Fiesta since I find the interior to be dire and the outside to be dull!
In my opinion a second hand golf would be better value for money than﻿ the dacia.
I want the sandero not the duster﻿
i have seen a clip of the﻿ off road performance of this car... it would put to shame alot of SUV's .. i dont find it a very nice thing to look at but guess for this amount of money its ok
in 2 years﻿ this will be so out of date
This is the first﻿ good-looking Dacia, and it actually looks quite nice, if only it had a bit more power (at least 100 hp). This car, even though mostly engineered by Renault, makes me proud to be a Romanian.
Looks like a piece of shit and I'm sure it is.﻿ Don't really know why I clicked on this video.
does any one in the UK remember the last time that Dacia imported a car into the UK called the Duster?..it was﻿ based on the old Renault 12 and was WORSE then a 1957 Vauxhall Victor for rusting away as soon as you took it out of the showroom!(and that is saying something)it was also a peice of crap if memory serves!
Interesting review, but would I change my Qashqai for a Duster? Probably not, but﻿ canny buyers who find the Qashqai too pricey could save possibly 5 grand on a car that's not far off pace. Renault should market it as a Renault in the UK, why not axe the ill thought out Koleos or re-badge the tastefully rugged looking Duster with it's name? The Renault image is obviously better than a budget brand even if reliability is average. One to watch closely, especially at that super-mini price tag!
This is fantastic SUV if you consider its price. Finally there is a good﻿ looking, reliable, roomy and affordable SUV on the market. I hope they do not increase pricing due to its success, also I hope they will add some safety features (ESP, more airbags etc.)
In Germany the car is on market since April this year. Now (30th May) you must wait until January next year when you order now. So i think it will have the same success in the UK. Only the colors are....boring.﻿ two types of blue, white, black, grey, brown and then end
Who want's Dacia Duster ..﻿ at the fair price ... contact me
omg! the comunism is coming back :O:O i don't want to wait﻿ that long for a dacia
well the problem is .... in germany you need to w8 for a year ... so thats the onli problem by this﻿ car :////
Sorry but this is really bad test drive. I thougt they ll try at least drive it on really rough terrain uphill,﻿ downhill... Not just using handbrake to make cool video. :/ And yes this car is based on Nissan platform it's using X-trail/Qashqai AWD system (it's pretty good system) and proved Renault engines and you have cheap and reliable SUV.
i am romanian ,but that s not a car ! DACIA it is only for retired people. is not safe on DACIA any accident happens people from﻿ DACIA more wounded!!!!!!!!!!!!
bad﻿ car
mahindra scorpio is better tougher and﻿ stronger than dacia duster
i agree with you but scorpio feels more suv or truck like to drive that the duster and do not forget that the scorpio is rear wheeled drive or 4 wheeled drive but the duster is a front wheeled drive or 4 wheeled drive and as we all know that rear wheeled drive﻿ 4x4s are better tougher and stronger than front wheeled drive do you understand my point scorpio is a true suv with a heavy 4 wheeled drive
fuck you KIA i'm never buying your shit cars you can go fuck yourselves also your adds are only enjoyed by retarded people I would rather drive a geo KIA is like the ultimate " Hey,﻿ Im a faggot" car.
Amazing commercial. But at the end﻿ of the day its still a Kia and the ad is cooler than the product...Sorry.
I hate Kia but﻿ their commercials are legendary!
thanks﻿ kia for ruining a awesome song with your crap cars
Attention Kia manufacturers:﻿ Your hamster commercials make me want to buy a hamster, not your crappy cars.
I prefer﻿ large posteriors and I speak but for sooth; thou contrarian deniers are merely uncouth.
i dont care about the car, it sucks! i just came for the﻿ song!! :D
good commercial, but﻿ the price is too high for this car
cool﻿ commercial ugly car
good commercial but﻿ the car sucks no offense
cheap﻿ ass cars ,,, awesome song
Tjrookie11 lol! Haha, it's better﻿ you buy an evo x and run this beat in the car!
Great﻿ song, funny commercial, but sorry the car is a bit ugly.
i hate kia﻿ soul love this video to cute!
At 0:37, these 2 hamsters could most definitely get﻿ a job with the CIA's division called the "HIA" or Hamsters' Intelligence Agency or even the FHI (Federal Hamster Investigation/Federal Hamsters International) or even the HBI (Hamsters Bureau Of Investigation)!!! These 2 also could be the hamster versions of the Super Mario Bros. themselves (the new franchise could be the "Super Hamsterio Bros." and the hamster on the left: Hamsterio while the one on the right: Hamsterigi)!!! SUBARU = AWESOME
great review. the MC coupe looks great but i'll buy the Aston﻿ Martin v8 vantage if i had that kind of money
Porsche 911 Turbo S﻿ over those cars any day
Tesla is﻿ better
Buy the Porsche for performance Buy the Maserati for the beauty ﻿
Interior very outdated? Then how do you compare the M3 to this? Or a Ferrari? Last time I checked the M3 was a good handling car with a decent interior which cost about 80K and﻿ the cheaperst Ferrari was over 200K and has an even worse nav system. Just look at the interior, there's no way this is outdated especially when comparing an M3. Like I said before, much better looking, much better sounding, and much more torque.
Maserati is about exclusivity, not the best power and performance !!!﻿
i know for the price its not﻿ fast, but fuck its beautiful
This looks gorgeous, but it's over $100K more than a Mustang GT 5.0 that's just﻿ as fast and loud.
example: 2:45. this car is good but not so much for the price. you can get a 2012 porsche 911 carrera s for about 110 grand fully hooked up and﻿ it can get from 0-60 mph in 3.9 seconds ! again, the center console looks like a center console for a 2002 mercedes e320. For some reason Maserati doesn't want to update it for some reason. I hate the M3's interior as well. This car is just lacking in performance for its price.
Aston Martin﻿ > Maserati IMO!
they are not﻿ even THAT fast though lol
slow and expensive. But I would buy it for the sound.﻿ lol
0-60 4.5 (4.8 is just a manufactures clams. for ex. 911 turbo s does 0-60 in 2.7 sec, but manufactures claims 3.1 so same here) also 1/4 mie﻿ 12.4 sec. 187 mph (302 kmh) not bad! How is this SLOW!!!??? if you had this car u would beat 99.9% cars you would see around you! SO?? come on.... it is not a bugatti but it is a very fast car
I can do 4.5 in a 29k Mustang GT or 4.8 in a 60K M3 or 2.5 in a 95k GTR. Point is, it is just too over priced for what it is. I know what you're saying, but here in Florida or at least where I live in Florida, the Maserati would be considered less of a stop and stare and more of an everyday kind﻿ of sports car. The performance just doesn't justify that $143k sticker.
The first half I understood, but you lost me the second half. TCS kicks in on any car in the wet. But I would take the DB9 over the Maserati GT any day. I've seen reviews of Maserati GT's and I'm sorry, but their center consoles have 90s neon green lights, ugly plasticy buttons and﻿ design, and just over all a horrific arrangement of buttons just thrown into the car. At least the DB9 looks good, sounds good (Maybe not as nice), and has a wonderful interior.
ok who the fuck cares which is faster maseratis fast maye faster and maybe not as fast idc you would buy this because of its looks﻿ and interior and that it is fast ( obiously other cars are faster but still) imagine how many girls youd get driving this.... :)
444hp... there are a lot more better cars for the money out there (GTR, 911﻿ turbo).. but this is a good looking car.
Ferrari is a fucking shit company Lamborghini in 1966 and 1990s was﻿ the faster car in the world not FERRARI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yes Lambo was faster and they still﻿ have models that are faster than a Ferrari but the Lambo is vulgar and you will look like a ass hoe driving one ....
flappy﻿ paddles :(
um..... yaeh its a bit﻿ expensive
What a car. To bad﻿ I'm not interested *yet* in selling my house, my children, and robbing a bank. Yet.
those﻿ shifts are toooooo sick
Its nice but is it me or does it have a﻿ wierd shape?
it has a flappy paddle﻿ gear box! =D
the main problem you have there would be servicing it, Ferrari is notorious for charge an arm and a leg﻿ for required services.
it is a﻿ nice car but the seats are kinda hard it's a nice drive though
nice car, too﻿ expensive
"The Lamborghini then, much more subtle."﻿ - Alfred
They used the dark knight music,awesome.Its nice but I could﻿ never afford this car and I would look like "snob" driving it.
i am going to get shot for this, but i just don't like﻿ the way the F430 looks.
i dont either, i think its﻿ not htat great looking. However! i do LOVVEEEE the new 458 italia :D
I agree﻿ that the looks aren't the best. But, God, that sound...
I like﻿ the way this car looks and sounds. It looks and sounds better than the new 458. Unfortunately, the 430 nor the 458 sound as good as the 360.
id still﻿ buy a m5.
Ferrari is FAIL!﻿
But notice that he never said Lamborghini was less then that 430. . . LAMBORGHINI ROCKS!﻿
Both nice but﻿ Lambo wins hands down.
458 Italia﻿ all the way!!!
ferrari look so dull (spelling) and boring! Lamborghini is so much more awsome! They look so mean! and just evil!﻿
599 gtb way better﻿ IMO
What a piece of junk! ﻿ I have to stretch for the electric window switch?!!! Unacceptable. : }
i'll buy﻿ 911 over this ANYDAY!
Does anyone know the name of the song played from 1:47 to﻿ 2:45? I prefer the 458 Italia, but this 430 looks nice.
murcielago﻿ could beat it....
No car has such a beautiful engine noise as a Ferrari. But the maintenance costs - always wondered why you see so many low mileage old Ferraris. Then I learned. A mechanic friend of mine who works on them said just an 80s Testarossa - 30K service - $10,000. They have to pull the engine on it for starters. oo bad they can't combine the soul of a Ferrari﻿ with the maintenance requirements of the Germans. Still expensive - hate to price a modern Turbo Porsche - but I am sure not $10,000.
beautiful car but too bad they're not﻿ worth purchasing. It'll cost a arm and a leg if you even get a slight ding in the body.
best looking﻿ ferrari : 355 gtb
the F40 is my dream car and in my﻿ opinion the best ferrari
haha. why do cars have to be so expensive :P﻿
This﻿ Ferrari430 is sick!!!! and for 180,000 buck
Porsche 911 turbo is﻿ the bomb :P
The electric window switch...it's﻿ a bit of a stretch...
It's decently pretty, but the new 458 Italia is, in my opinion, the most gorgeous one.﻿
The﻿ Ferraris aren't really expensive until you have to bring them in for services....
It may not be the fastest﻿ but the sound and the look are EXCELLENT!!!
may be, but﻿ either way newer ferrari's designs are not that spectacular..
is so right. the new italia﻿ looks like lard
I dont know, I like the new italia, except for the "molding" wings... That said, I still think the 360 looks better than it and the f430... and the f50 looks better than﻿ all three.
To Bad this is getting replaced by the﻿ 458 soon
sorry boss unless it's a ferrari it's not a car, it's rubbish on wheels. you shouldve saved﻿ your money to buy a proper car
1:29 << omfg i dont like ferrari's but this changing﻿ gear sound is just FOR GOD SAKE !!!!
@762SLR762 the 458 is the 430 replacement...the 430 was the best during this review but the 458 is better. i guess thats what he was trying to say.﻿
and ferrari﻿ aint got shit on BMW
The 458 is a much﻿ better car than this, but I still have a soft spot for this f430 aswell I can't really explain it. :P
the m3 e46 or e92 are waaaay better than any fucking evo, every bmw that was made was perfect, even the guy in the vid said in another video that the m3 was the most perfect car, i like ferrari to but they only make sports cars bimmer got everything including motorcycles , no italian can make a car﻿ better than a german
no i actually wrote that correctly maybe you should check your eyes bro, ferrari cant compete with bmw, all of ferraris cars are pricey and all have that same look, f430, modena, 360, the f50 is the best they got and the enzo is a fucking 6 speed semi automatic but a v12, when are they﻿ going to make a car like lamborghinis reventon, or the BMW powered McLaren F1
i dont resent italian car makers i love lamborghinis i just dont like ferrari that much, im an audi and bmw fan, to me ferrari is just an expensive engine﻿ that dosent perform as well as other cars that are less expensive than it.
this is a nice﻿ car and all but justin beiber has one so that automatically makes it gay
does someone know what﻿ kind of factory defect does this model of ferrari has? coz i see a lot of f430's on fire
killed by﻿ 458 italia!
no thats just extra space the thing in the back. by the way the boxter s will only sell in the 30,000 right now the ferrari in this video is in﻿ between 140,000 to 320,000 $ so too bad :(
52 people think Lexus is better than Ferrari﻿
- over priced and over rated, just﻿ like a Chinese buffet
Are﻿ you retarded or do you know less about cars than a fish? The 458 is one of Ferrari's true greats,,.not to mention the most beautiful for a long time
my grandfather has it and it sucks. i'd rather drive﻿ a nissan sunny.
@Abisopht Because﻿ of the 458 is a lot better than the 430? And he said 430 is rubbish maybe because James May owns 430...
OMFG 10,000 pounds for carbon﻿ ceramic brakes? Just get aftermarket ones for 1/2 the price.
458﻿ better
I hate﻿ ferraris...
bleh,﻿ screw ferrari
He﻿ praised this car so much, now he makes fun of it because the 458 is better, funny!
Didn't he say recently the﻿ F430 is the idiots Ferrari? XD
Ugly car. They made me a believer, though. ﻿
Aero, I'm not going to argue the﻿ point with you. This is an ugly car. It's just a fact. There is zero about the shape that inspires. Same with the Enzo. -The 458, looks like what a Ferrari ought to look like, however. They should never have gotten into the 1961 GP shark nose BS. It doesn't translate well to a broad front end and doesn't look like a Shark nose even on the GP car.
458 Looks just beautiful but is a F430 a minger....................Of course its bloody﻿ not its absoultly gorgous
Take that back present Si idles deeper and sounds deeper when cruising, Ferrari is a bit high strung. Si makes more﻿ music. And by no means am I comparing the performance of these two cars.
never EVER compare a civic si to a ferrari. but to answer honda employs their race inspired engineering from their F1 cars like ferrari does. however﻿ ferrari does not make compromises for performance when honda almost always does.
She's cold hearted,﻿ by I love her.
She's﻿ cold hearted, but I love her.
I sat in one of these couple of weeks﻿ ago:) very nice car but my favorite car at that place (zolder) was the Carrera gt. second one was the am one-77
makes a db9 and 911 turbo faal as an kanal boat﻿ XD
This car was Amazing...﻿ until the 458. :D
Never will buy a Ferrari because they are all ugly but the 458 is sexy﻿
I believe he loved it until the 458 came along and﻿ made it look kid of boring.
why does it cost so much for each option, just a total rip off ! why is﻿ it that normal priced sportscars can offer more affordable and more importantly, reasonable prices???
My F430 Spider doesn't have a snow & ice mode. The mannetino starts at wet and then road,﻿ sport etc. Ferrari must have changed it very early on.
Also I've co owned a F430 Spider since April and it's not perfect at all; Auto mode is shocking, radio is shit, steering is too light, the rear lights are poorly fitted, the battery life is too short (4 days max), it's SO slow when the engine is cold, and I've just had﻿ to spend £1600 on a new clutch after 20k miles. Although I do love the car, nothing gives a rush quite like it on its day.
he never really said its shit, he meant the 458 was so good it made the﻿ f430 look shit
That was exactly my opinion. Untill I saw Top gear's 430 v.s 458 video. I had a closer look at both cars. I have to say, the 458 deffinatly wins it for﻿ me now!
this car is amazing but a﻿ v12 in it would make it 10 times better
Stupid european cars and japanese cars on top gear. dont get the nissan﻿ gtr or any lambo and ferrari, get a ZR1 the best car in the world
saw one of these yesterday in canberra and my friend said it sounded shit and abit﻿ 2 stroke (Oo) then again we were in canberra so i my guess he was high ;)
yep. i dont see﻿ how many people say it sucks now that the 458 is out
The Challenge Stradle is﻿ better
mercedes﻿
a Ferrari 458 makes﻿ this car look SOOOOO SLOOWWWW
¿better than a 911﻿ turbo? jajajajaja
then the﻿ 458 smoked this car..
you suck buy a﻿ 458 italia
It's too high,﻿ I prefer the Scuderia.
The﻿ Ferrari F430 is a beauty, but kinda a ripoff
and the 360 is prettier than both of﻿ them.
355﻿ Is The Prettiest!
these new ferraris are tek wonders, but they could do it a bit more pretty? why these ugly front air intakes? it is nothing much to rework for ferrari.﻿
nah﻿ it's definitely the 250 GTO
The brakes﻿ are more expensive then my car...
My friend owns one of these and he let me drive it yesterday. Most amazing thing I've ever driven... And I'll never be able to﻿ afford one :(
458 >﻿ this
Bit﻿ the 458 has a Stronger horsepower
True, but on﻿ the road you can't use the car to 100% of its potential. Nowhere near it. But you'll always be able to enjoy being in the prettier car if you have the 430.
to be honest, i think the 458 is much prettier... that's﻿ my opinion.. i dunno about you guys..
I always liked the 430 until i heard that biebs got one, now i think of slashing the tires to every one﻿ i see...
i still perfer the﻿ 458
Probably not the﻿ most powerful Ferrari,but I think it's the coolest and the most incredibly lively Ferrari ever.
Other than Ferrari F355,I personally think Ferrari F430 is the coolest and the most incredibly lively Ferrari. Perhaps,it isn't the most﻿ powerful Ferrari but it's so alive.
and﻿ the came the 458 and he called this car the idiots ferrari
Clarkson said during the video ... "is not the prettiest ferrari ever made... and the noise﻿ is﻿ quite low..." I agree.
I have a polo from 1997 and im nearly 18 love it to bits, it's only a﻿ 1 litre, but small but tough
thanks polo you may not make the best built cars in the world but u make the best﻿ ads in the world
LOL.﻿ If the dad really cared about his daughter he would have never bought her a VW!
Brazilians are still waiting for this version. :( Please, Volks, respect us and﻿ bring updated cars.
£16,000 for the Golf. £12,000 for the University fees. That's why﻿ you're all crying. Me too.......
wow talk about﻿ a rip off. vw sucks.
DON'T BUY﻿ VW CARS. BUY BEACH HOUSE RECORDS
RIP OFF OF BEACH HOUSE WHY IS VOLKSWAGON SO LAME﻿
Fake song, fake﻿ car?
Most obvious and shameless rip-off ever. Fuck this ad and fuck﻿ VW for accepting representation by such an awful ad-agency.
They said no because they don't want their band associated with a greedy corporation that's quite obviously void of any artistic integrity. In addition, VW's suck. I don't know a single person with one that hasn't broken down within the first 1000 miles. Look at how Outback Steakhouse shamelessly took Of Montreal's "Wraith pinned to the mist," it ruined the original song because all you can imagine is that shitty Outback Jingle.﻿
This is one fricking awesome advert - shame﻿ the car is shit.
Fucking cunts. I will never buy a VW﻿ after this.
Fuck VW.﻿
fuck you﻿ VW!
If you believe as I do that VW has ripped off Beach House (and a recent article in the NY Times explicates the history of VW's agressive and unsuccessful pursuit of the rights to use Beach House's song) please contact VW and tell them﻿ how unhappy you are. Artists who do not wish to commercialize their art deserve to have their decisions respected and obeyed. Shame on VW
443 people (incl. me) have a wallet like a black hole and cannot afford this shitty﻿ car.
What a huge PR﻿ disaster for VW, what a despicable thing to do! Disgusting!
tough until the abs fucking﻿ goes and you has to pay 400quid you bastards
Brilliant video, wouldn't buy a VW and who the he'll is beach house? Good tune﻿ tho.
I love this advertisement but I hate the fact that they stole this from beach house. 'Take Care' is such a beautiful song, much more beautiful than the rendition that was used in the ad and I think it would have gone better with the ad anyway. VW is such a big company, it sickens me that they pretty much stole this song and Beach House would have gotten nothing out of it except for dumb people going to﻿ their youtube pages and saying that the VW version of the song is better-it's just a ripoff.
german fanboys﻿ of opel, bmw and mercedes.. :)
The cars in﻿ order are. Ascari's all dominating 1952 Ferrari,
The cars in order are. Ascari's all dominating 1952 Ferrari, John Surtees 1964 championship winner, Jackie Ickx's 1970, Schumacher's 1997 contender, and finally Kimi Raikkonen's﻿ 2007 model.
Fiarrari Wins the constructor championship ¡¡¡ jaja , the best car ever? lol ...the worst in﻿ motor history.Montezemolo die please.
Personally I think the﻿ 355 sounds better.
It looks and sounds great but as far﻿ as a drivers car enthusiasts seem to hate it. Can't comment though I've never driven any!
You'll never get that﻿ sound out of a 4 banger turbo
shell is great for your daily driver, but﻿ makes a shitty racing fuel
he's right, the car is pretty ugly. when i read about the car in Automobile mag, they harshly critiqued the car, saying M-B could do a lot better. and﻿ they can, in my mind. anyone else think so?
The Ferrari 458 is better looking, handling, cheaper, and probably a better value for the money. But the power to make women flock by the thousands with the sound of a depressed gas pedal on a 6.2L Mercedes built masterpiece, is the reason I would purchase this car. Chicks > fast cars. I﻿ would know, I dated one once.
This﻿ car is cool well except the doors. lol
It'd﻿ be better if the resurrected version looked more like the original in terms of the front end treatment. That's where the SLS disappoints.
good job mercedes for making an UGLY ASS CAR!﻿
So i'f you're thinking about buying the new Mercedes SLS, save your pennies and buy a Twingo. Thank you﻿ for those money saving tips Top Gear.
amzing commercial but it has to be fake lol but if some how it is real.......what kind of monster have﻿ the germans created...
wow, do you think its true. ﻿ the most hidious car i have seen FAIL
STUPID GERMAN﻿ CARS...............
Ugly car. Stupid﻿ commercial =P
Dude... you know the Germans.....they make good stuff but ya i found out some time ago you don't have to be so﻿ condescending
hmm, VWs in america have constantly had some of the worst reliability statistics, they even trumped the worst japanese makes at that (nissan, mazda honda and﻿ as of late even toyota which otherwise has enjoyed a stellar reputation in america, as of late the brand has been on a downward spiral there though). other than that people in america buy euro brands mostly because it simp,y means "hey, look , i can afford expensive, (like you said "overengineered&overpriced") german cars"
and also what is great about this car anyway﻿ ? because is says Mercedes ? well then try and then compare specs and prices to see the real worth of both cars
I wouldn't want to be the firemen standing in the drivers way ... very dangerous setup and stupid to show it set up that way. Tunnel full of people and a guy driving through it. I test drove and SLS AMG a few weeks back ... that made me want the car far more than this commercial. In fact, the commercial is kind of embarrassing. For a lot less money the C63﻿ AMG is a pretty amazing car. Love the gullwing style tho
I didnt like this car at first, but﻿ now, that I see how it can do a barrel roll in a friggin tunnel :o
Meh, mechanically the 2012 Honda CBR 10000RR Fireblade is superior. Particularly Honda's rear suspension. What an awesome feel and control you get when powering out of exits, don't even﻿ need Traction Control lol. You can play Stoner at Philip Island all day with that bike....
unsexiest liter bike around especially the front looks awful :(﻿
R1﻿ FOREVER....
i agree i love the look too just need to change that exhaust with﻿ two brothers pipe or something
wow what a complete joke. Yamaha and Kawasaki get﻿ traction control, Honda at least gets new bodywork. Ducati gets a whole new design. Suzuki gets......nothing.
bad idea removing the dual exhaust and making an﻿ ugly one....
I'm really feeling bad for Suzuki .. They have lost the passion of making superbikes .. They have been left back by competitors like Hond, Ducati and Kawasaki and getting their a** kicked by new comers competitors like BMW and Aprilia﻿ .. My advice for them to come back, FIRE YOUR ENGINEERS and hire new generation engineers with new ideas and designs !!!! P.S: The same goes for Yamaha too
well. the 2012 kawasaki looks WAY better and also has﻿ a BETTER performance ;) has nothing to do with bein' pussy or not. go home and take a ride on your bicycle <3
i don't see any reason why someone would buy this. i can understand the ducati 1199 is expensive. but the bmw s100rr is in the same price range and is a little less ugly. or the kawasaki zx10. not only is it unbelievably sexy, its faster and better too. and﻿ costs about the same as the suzuki.
The front.... Im not very like it.... If its not﻿ Suzuki... Maybe im gonna Hate it...
A truly﻿ ugly, cheap plastic bike. Enjoy. Me, I'll be taking delivery of my 1199 in may, thank you.
fair enough, but we don't all have﻿ millions in drug money to blow.
stock exhaust is hideous﻿
all 2012 bikes﻿ this year looks great but the gixxer? what the hell is that!
I`ll rather buy K2 or K7... This﻿ is bull****!
I`ll rather buy K2 or K7... This is ugly as﻿ hell...
so﻿ you get an expensive plastic bike, good for you! hahahaha
its quite﻿ ugly now, don't like the heavy underseat exhaust, and bug eyes,
you right , i hate the entire body shape plus the ugliest thank shape and the worst mufler ever. ﻿ wake up suziki from the deep sleep.
Yamaha have the best looking scoots and motorcycles hands down!﻿
its' the same﻿ of five years ago
no, it's not a joke. they're quite serious. it's called having people on their payroll who can crunch numbers, make predictions, research the market, etc etc. tomorrow morning when you wake up, suzuki will still be in business. and next week and the week after that. tell u what, how about you take a clean sheet of paper, and conjure up a bike from ground up. and post it on youtube. btw, i am not a﻿ suzuki fan. I hate gixxers. but comments like urs aren't exactly fair.
K6﻿ the best bike!!
As a consumer, I have a right to think that they are behind in the market. and I think most people will agree. The big four market is extremely close and has been for a decade now, and people will stop taking Suzuki seriously if they can't keep up. If you think that it is "unfair" for someone to have an opinion about a new product,﻿ I dare you to go . . . anywhere . . . . or read . . . . anything.
why do people like u always get so defensive and emphasize ur "right" to have an opinion or freedom of speech etc? u've expressed ur opinion and so have i. let's take a deeper look at this issue ok? How is Suzuki﻿ behind in the market? In terms of what? Sales? Sure you can think what you want. I actually agree with you that the "new" gixxer isn't really new. But this same gixxer is doing quite well in AMA. and gixxer thous and 600's are still selling strong.
You claimed that my comment was "not exactly fair." I was simply defending my comment against your weak criticism. I never said that Suzukis weren't good bikes; I am actually a huge fan, unlike you. But it is a fair criticism to say that they are behind in the market. Suzuki sales were down 17 % last month, and 40% last year. And you even agree with me that "the 'new' gixxer isn't really new," which was my whole point in the first place. So I can't figure out why you are﻿ arguing with me.
Okay dude you want to use racing to back up your weak argument? Why did Suzuki back﻿ out of motogp? I would tell you but I will let you look it up. and why don't you check out the world superbike results for 2011 and 2012? Tell me where you see Suzuki? THESE are the pro races that greatly influence bike sales, brand recognition, and a company's publicity. Your AMA example is not even a win, and even if it was, it wouldn't prove your point.
I would not be surprised if Suzuki lost a sizable segment of the sportbike market. Everyone is moving forward but them. Their lineup is shrinking while others are growing. Honda brought﻿ over the CBR250 and CB1000. Kawi brought back the Z1000 and updated the ZXxRs in the last 3 years. Yami has the crossplane R1, the new FZ8, updated FZ6/1 and also redid the R6. Suzuki killed the GS5, GSF6, SV6/1K and Gladius, and the GSXR line is old hat. Gonna be hard to stay in business w/no showroom candy.
it looks nice i like the change in the headlights looks much better and the shape of the bike of ok too....but i﻿ hate th eexhaust its so big and bulky....why they never make a nice smaller exhaust?
I just bought this bike. I've ridden a 2012 S1000RR, CBR1000RR, and the new Yamaha R1. The ONLY bike I would put above it, would be the Honda CBR1000RR. The 2012 GSX-R1000 is rock solid. The only issue I've had is brake fade, but that's because they use the small Nissin master cylinder with the﻿ Brembo monoblocs. Will be swapping those out soon. The people who are ignorantly bashing on the Suzuki crack me up. Ride one in the same day as the competitors and you'll see just how far minor changes c
Maybe you don't live anywhere where people with the means to buy Bentley's are located. I agree, Suzuki is falling behind in terms of marketing appeal and innovation. But their AMA track record is certainly something to stand on. I would like to see them and Kawi get back in MotoGP but its all company finances. If riders, at that level, are the sole reason for winning, how come Valentino Rossi and Hayden are shit on the﻿ Duc, or the Satt. teams always come after the Honda's or Yams?
I remember being in 9th grade, before I ever rode a sportbike as the pilot, I picked up SportRider magazine in the mall. The 2001 Suzuki GSXR-1000 was named the absolute king of the road, overtaking the venerable R1. It reigned, arguably, till 2008, when the Honda overpassed. Kawi has stepped up massively in the past 2 years, Honda continues to do well, and the R1 is still loved for style and decent tech. Suzuki reallly has nothing going for it﻿ IMO, aside from brand loyalty. (K3 GSXR600 owner).
As good as the Gsxr 1000 is Suzuki really need to bring an all new model to blow away the﻿ competition again.
Good Review But﻿ These cars look like Shitt...
I personally prefer﻿ the Mini Cooper, but this is hella better than a Smart Fortwo. Just a bit skeptical about that Italian "reliability"
Pretty hot car. A little too feminine, but maybe﻿ chicks will dig it.
Fiat needs to come out with a bigger better﻿ looking car, this looks supergay
are those things really﻿ multiair? I thought only the little one is, the 850cc
Yeah, I understand what you are saying. It's just that dash in the﻿ passenger side really reminds me of the one in a P.T. Cruiser... Just the way it was designed.. That and the rear taillights is the only thing I don't like about this car...
argh...these reviews are just﻿ so good! i don't even like the car but i still watched the whole thing :D
Most﻿ unreliable car
This﻿ thing looks seriously faggy. It looks like 1964 honda civic
But Toyotas and Hondas are still the most reliable cars on the planet. My 1997 Honda civic still has﻿ the original engine even though it has 400,000 miles on it.
Of Course I would get the VW Beetle If I would to ever﻿ get a small car like that... But very video good guys...
fiat 500 instead of gti? the 500 is an economic bug and the gti is a sport hatchback...don't even compare...the interior looks crappy with no space and the fuel economy is pretty crappy compared to﻿ other cars in its class
It's amazing, as Jeremy Clarkson said: IT MAKES YOU HAPPY! I wouldn't like to own﻿ one though, cos I'm into bigger cars, but I just can't force myself not to say 'LOOK A 500!' when I see it on the street. A brilliant car, bravo FIAT:
sorry! man i understand what you are saying but you would have to get this car fully loaded so it looks good, but nothing will out sell Toyota in the US.﻿ get more car and power for your money, Its a girl car anyways GTI will smoke this car why would you get this then a GTI
I just read an article about the Fiat commercial with J-Lo. The car broked down during filming! hahahahahahahaha!!!! Fix It Again Tony strikes again. Oh, and by the way, sales figures are dropping faster than﻿ your property values.
That will never happen. How do I know? Fiat sales are already free﻿ falling.
Ugh this﻿ car is just plain hideous
I would hate to see that in an accident with a large SUV, i've seen what a Honda civic looks like in said encounter and it wasn't pretty, these days i cringe at﻿ small cars for that reason!
Fuck fiat European trash , it looks like a smart car on﻿ steroids , buy a ford, dodge, jeep, Chrysler and be a real American , get these euro bastards out of our country!!!!!!
That is an ugly car﻿
It's still Fiat... historically unreliable. There are cuter and better cars﻿ for this price.
Fiat can't take over shit. They can buy﻿ other companies but they can't build crap! And Hyundai Veloster turbo is a better deal than this overpriced crap. If it is typical Fiat, it will be incredibly unreliable and expensive to repair.
I just test drove the car﻿ today. It's an absolute POS, nothing more than a fashion accessory.
I may not be the typical 500﻿ customer, coming from a 2004 bmw 3 series, I can say that I was impressed by the awful build quality and cheapness of materials through out the cabin of the fiat. It felt so horrible that I quickly got out of the standard 500 and hopped in the Abarth tuned version. Ahhh, much more luxurious feeling inside, and better looking from outside, it was snappy on the throttle in sport mode and cornered well, but I expected more form such a small car, but sounded good.
i can't believe they put﻿ an automatic transmission in the fiat, that is so whimpy
FIAT= Fix It Again Tony﻿
great review, BUT: you say 38 mpg. i've seen them advertised at being 55 mpg? could the difference be US vs Imp gallons? that IS a pretty big difference!! also, i don't know if it's the camera angles or what, but the car looks much bigger in the vid than they really are. (maybe you're "short" people?) i sat in one today and they're not as spacious as you're making them﻿ look. not much head or leg room. :( and lemme guess: cute girl not included? ;)
Italians can't build a﻿ reliable consumer car
I hate fiats with a passion, but i just had to stay and watch the whole﻿ video cause she's soo freaking beautiful!!
depends on peoples take on them. My buddy told me if i got one he'd disown me as a friend, i loled... but i wouldnt mind having one. ﻿
Sporty? I testdrove a 500 and to honnest, my grandma's '90s VW Polo is a more sporty car. I found it very imbalanced and not giving you any confidence to push it hard, certainly if you ad the horible pedal-position. I'm not biased btw, I was really looking into buying a 500 as﻿ a second car for small trips and due to fiscal benefit in my country.
not your ideal travel car..﻿
The beeps seem﻿ annoying and the switches are strewn about without logic. Yep, its a Lamborghini.
me neither, I personlly﻿ find alcantara to look cheap and chintzy.
If I got this car,﻿ and wanted to show it off while pumping all of my money into the gas tank, I would pop the hood, and fill it up like it's shown at 7:52. But maybe that's just me. Lol
don't﻿ really like it, nice video though.
i hate it reminds me of cloth cloth is cheap﻿
It's 2012 and Lambos still wind themselves up too much on start﻿ up.
Alcantera is better then leather, and it is more durable and last longer but the options of these cars are out of this world. You think you have the money for a lambo, but really if you are buying brand new add around 50-60 thousand on the sticker price in options or fees you need to pay. . . It is stupid that is why i choose a brand new GTR over﻿ a 05/06 gallardo for the same price
Personally I don't﻿ like carbon fiber but hey nice car nevertheless.
All those weight reduction features and it still weighs 3500lbs??﻿ FAIL! That car should be ~3000lbs. What a joke.
Next up.......BUGATTI VEYRON﻿
the 2013 mustang has a bigger﻿ top speed and more horsepower... thats odd
that mouse fur interoir is going to be a dust magnet﻿ ! Never though I'd see a fuzzy steering wheel in a Lamby !
This would be much better though if it was a proper﻿ manual.
BUGATTI!!!!!!!!!!﻿
I usually do but I guess I missed it, I wouldn't call the sound system amazing, it's "good", but lambos﻿ have never been known for the best in creature comforts, more about style and performance over function.
GOD GIMME THE AVENTADOR﻿ lp700-4.
Got to admit﻿ that sounds nasty, but not as nasty as a ferrari!
Very cool Lambo, I have seen it at least 6 times but its just too "weak" as in structurally because everything﻿ is Alcantara and Carbon Fiber
this is kinda dated considering its﻿ price
Unique? Yes. Beautiful? No. I'd take a Ferrari 458 over a Lambo any day. Great﻿ video though Kyle.
Damn Italians always screw something up. :P They put alcantara padding behind the seats, where it absolutely isnt needed, but they dont put it on﻿ the door panels, so put your elbow on hard cold carbon fibre...stupid.
I meant putting it on the hand rests on door panels, so that your﻿ elbow isnt hitting the hard carbon, they dont have to put it over entire door panel.
The doors﻿ :(
i'm﻿ prefer ferrari
absolutely gorgeous, but i﻿ prefer the pure Lambo V12 :) you always make great reviews!!!
It's beautiful but the interior﻿ is so cheap my moms cars interior is nicer and she drives a KIA
13 mpg? Damnnn that sucks and﻿ gas is like almost 5.00$
For that money I want luxury in my interior. It feels cheap and plastic.﻿
they could have made a nicer﻿ key tho
um id rather a nice leather interior. Not that this interior isnt sweet..I just like leather more. also that better be a one touch﻿ automatic roof or then we got problems.
no﻿ lambo doors:(
Why would it have﻿ Lambo doors...? Its not like its a Lambo-... Yeah why no Lambo doors!?
I hate those﻿ rims :( otherwise a nice car
I hate that carbon fiber doors paint it or put swade on﻿ it
automatic﻿ lambo=no fun
The Aventador is so﻿ much better than Gallardo
If I﻿ had to choose between this car, and his Fairlane, I'd take the Fairlane.
because the Gallardo is not nearly as wide﻿ as the Murcielago/Aventador... but yeah it would still be cool!
I'd rather have the Camaro﻿ or Challenger. Just not the Lamborghini type.
i really hate alcantara.﻿ i know its lightweight and whatever... but i just love the smell and feel of new leather.
This car costs more than my house hell it even costs more than my﻿ orthopedics house that's redic what retard buys a car like this?
I think the 2004 Galladro is still one hell of a car.﻿ This﻿ car is still nice and fast, but its too racy looking for my tastes. I would also rather have italian leather than Alcantara.
wow... i don't normally like lamborghinis, but﻿ when i do, i like this fantastic looking convertible. good review kyle!
only thing its missing is lambo doors !! a lambo﻿ with out lambo doors !!! how ironic !
cant compare them,different classes the challenger is a sports car while the lambo is an exotic supercar,that said i would﻿ rather buy a a vette and a house for the money of the lambo (im an europian corvette lover :D)
wow this﻿ car is kind of ugly. i look like a boat on wheels
blaaah" not better than my Audi a4 1.8t.﻿ Eaven the computer is about the same;)
Italian garbage.﻿
Nice video but not impressed at all. ﻿ I like my infinite coupe more actually
garbage﻿ u can never afford :)
Audi R8 V10 Spyder ﻿
Not a big fan of the Tachometer and﻿ Speedometer, but everything else is beautiful.
convertibles just ruin everything﻿
Its﻿ to much carbon it makes it look plastic o.0
looks ugh..ugly cheap made﻿
You make a﻿ good point. This is the Spyder Performante. The extra metal used to maintain structural rigidity and the motors of the top are quite heavy. They should shed as much weight as possible. The Sat/Nav head unit must weight quite a bit.
the older ones with the high torque started sounded soooo much better﻿
God damn, there are too many different versions the Gallardo.﻿
those all﻿ carboon door panels blend like shit with the rest of the car
ugly﻿ seats man
WHAT? no lambo doors? and u call yourself﻿ a Lamborghini?
this﻿ car is for faggots
ugly﻿ bucktooth front
NO﻿ Leather!?? . . . . . . .
anyone aka the 000.001 of you thats watching this to to actually﻿ plan on buying one, go for the Avantador, much better
horrible﻿ interior quality....
One ugly ass sexy﻿ car.
Really? Manually dimming rear view mirror?, no push to﻿ start button? You get that in a chevy for crying out loud.
This car is a piece of shit because it has﻿ no cup holder
No Push to start? i want﻿ a refund!!
miss the﻿ old back of lamborghini gallardo
WTF is the center﻿ console made in CHINA ? POS. SUCH A BEAUTIFUL CAR FOR A FUCKED UP INTERIOR, EXCLUDING THE CARBON FIBER ;)
Car looks﻿ nice, gauges are god awful :/
I honestly think that alcantara looks really bad if it is used all around the cabin... And I don't like the fact that the doors from the interior are ALL carbon fiber. I think carbon fiber only looks good in small﻿ quantities around the interior.
it can't be a lambo it has regular﻿ doors
This car is ugly﻿
Lexus﻿
Agreed. The﻿ front looks like something from an Anime cartoon.
A hard top convertible would look so﻿ much better. What did the buttons on the rear wall between the seats do?
I would replace the alcentera with leather I hate that kind﻿ of interior that this car has leather is wayy better
Ahw:c it doesnt have the smart wheel.....Or the bigger screen on the center console like the Lamborghini Aventador:c this is disappointing, and i like my car with﻿ futures, not if it goes fast or not. Im getting this car. But as a replica. Its the simpler way out into have the best sports car around!
i don't like﻿ lambo better ferrari
wtf did they do﻿ to the door... it opened wrong... *crying*
The dam dashboard is﻿ going to end up getting someone killed...
Very nice video & car, but I find﻿ the best sport car is the Audi R8
The most annoying thing to me. is when u turn on the lights. it beeps and never stops. the audi R8 does that as well.﻿ that would get really annoying
The top moves soooooooo sssslllloooowwww﻿
When It Goes To 6000 RPM Then It Makes An Insane Sound!!!﻿
Only way they ruined this car is by having the﻿ doors open like a normal car. They could of at least made them open the opposite way (suicide style) what's the point in spending a few hundred thousand dollars just to get normal car features? You buy a lambo to be totally different, in every aspect, period.
i totally agree, the first time i saw the gallardo i was inpressed with the look and performance. but when i saw the doors open, i felt decived by lamborghini. They did not even put﻿ there lambo signature, the lamborghini doors. sad
the material used on the dash﻿ makes it looks really weird to me
it should﻿ have had a dual clutch gear box
manual seat adjusting.has lambo gone mad﻿
398 lb torque? you would think it would have more, but i guess getting to 60 mph in 3.1 sec is good enough. ﻿
Personally I think this is the best﻿ of the pre dual clutch cars, and as I would never buy a new Lambo ever again due to poor customer support from the factory, buying a used one or two year version of this car, is great value for money and a hell of a great ride.
Yes,despite﻿ navi this car is great :))
i﻿ perfer rolls royce phantom
naaa i like my 2004﻿ honda civic better lol
The spolier﻿ fucked up the lamborghini
the interior﻿ is such a disappointment.
i﻿ don't like the interior,,,
sorry﻿ but i like the aventador better
i like the volkswagen golf more, it can go sooooo﻿ fast
Lol that shit sucks I﻿ have a volvo 1969 it can go 60 km/h OWNED.
the aventador is best so far , gallardo just a museum piece , and this one its tinny and ugly and has too many useless parts added like the shit in the front , looks﻿ like you won't ever drive that shit in ramps , and ramps is what you may find in cities . ugly car ! eew
My mercedes 190d﻿ from 1984 kills this car
that rear spoiler is too much﻿ for me.
Well yea It doesn't look as good even if i would work whole my life i won't be able to afford one and use it at the same time BUT I﻿ was comparing this model to the Aventador which is far away much better
the interior is﻿ plain :(
I think they﻿ over did it with the carbon on the interior. Doesnt look to nice... Carbon fiber looks much nicer in moderation...
Hmm there goes the﻿ aventador...
no lambo doors? da fuuhhhhhh﻿
The door suck﻿
Wow! TOO MUCH ALCANTERA!﻿ YUCK AWESOME INTERIOR
that "shit in the front" helps with the﻿ aero dynamics-.-
Um... Adventador is a lot better by comparison... It wasn't a jealous statement. Now this is still a﻿ nice car of course and for that he's wrong but it's not jealously. For that he'd need to own an Adventador if you even wanted to make sense.
Was expecting more than jus a basic﻿ Audi keyfob and interior
No key-less push-button start? On a car this expensive??﻿
way﻿ over priced...imo
Maybe overpriced but﻿ absolutely beautiful.
Nice but very﻿ pricy. I hope Victory makes these so we all can have one if we so desire.
The up side, these are amazingly awesome bikes! We were seriously interested in purchasing a chief vintage, but six Indian dealers nationwide . . .Yeah, I can see driving five hundred miles for service. Also, trying to get a reasonable test ride on a chief was worse than pulling teeth, so thanks again Indian for the wasted drive to the Chicago dealer, which﻿ is now closed.
They are very expensive, but I read that they focus on quality and exclusivity. I would love to﻿ ride one and see if its really worth the steep price. Beautiful bikes tho. Absolutely amazing looking. Have a nice day! ^^
i find this a car for weird people u.u weird names, just a basic﻿ copy from a mercedes
i have a solid﻿ argument, it has nothing to do with performance or reliability, my argument is, is that they look like dogshit, actually no they look like a piece of freshly laid dogshit with a foot print in it
hahahaha that was so good. my mum and dad nearly bought 1, the ssangyong rexton﻿ but thank GOD they didnt, now we have to put up with a people mover, toyota tarago. Keep up the good work guys!!!
I hate hummers 2, their hideous, I hate most american cars﻿
too bad gm﻿ sucks
Carlile is a pimp for whoring out her art. Usually an artist will sell-out his or her work in the twilight of their careers to corporations and T.V﻿ commercials. Is she a writer for jingle tunes or a serious artist? Any how the riff was ripped off from U 2s ''With or Without You'' so it's not very original.
One of the best commercials ever! The song is great! I did not heard this song for a long time until it apeared in this TV﻿ commercial! The GM brand is not doing well today! I hope they comeback strong in the next few years!
Shitty cars, bankrupt company, incredible music. They should just switch to the advertising business entirely :-P﻿
Look...the trade deficit exists right now becausee the American auto companies stopped making a quality product. Toyota is successful because they do their jobs better. Failing companies need to disappear...we can't just keep bailing out failing companies because 10 years from now we'll be broke and none of our companies will be competing because they no longer have an incentive because they just keep getting bailed﻿ out.
If it was "made for me"...it wouldn't use gasoline like our 2000 Ford Ranger EV NiMH... GM would be making 1999 EV-1s with NiMH (EPA estimate of 140 MPC) if they really wanted to remain a company. GM = Greed and Money (now﻿ its OUR MONEY they are wasting) PS...NiMH are made of 99% recyclable material...Lithium not nearly as much material can be recycled! Volt = GREENWASHING HOAX
Government Motors!!! It's a great day folks! GM, the UAW, and it's multitudes of uneducated workers are FINISHED! Decades of making shitty cars, fighting every safety measure, and being all-around demanding and spoiled workers has finally come to bite them in their asses. GM WOrkers can﻿ now find employment at WAL-MART! Love it...
I'm not against what you wrote but I'm not in favor of it either. One thing is for sure they (UAW) are partially responsible for what's going on. They had GM hostage for everything. They were overpaid. Whenever they didn't got away with it they strike. Now that GM is gone let's see who's gonna take all their childish strike shit. Wal-Mart will hire them in a heart beat as long as﻿ they are NOT unionized. That's what I love about Wal-Mart.
Poor little GM﻿ the Japanese kicked their asses.
Nah. Gm still sold﻿ out Toyota this last year to STILL be the number 1 automaker.
sad that GM is not what it﻿ used to be. it was the americans that taught the japanese how to make cars.
"you were NOT made for me" ﻿ I wouldn't touch your junk cars with a 50 foot pole!
What's ironic about the﻿ choice of music is the entire lyrics to the song contain the line "even when I was flat broke", and guess what, less than a year after this commercial aired, GM WAS flat broke.
Makes me sad, General Motors has broken my heart for the last time. 1984 Chevy Silverado (Sold and still running) 1986 Chevy S-10 (Sold and still running) 1996﻿ Pontiac Grand Am (Traded in with a bad trans) 2002 GMC Sonoma (wrecked) 2006 Saturn Ion III (Deer collision) I loved my GM cars, even the Grand Am. But I can't stand where the brand is going, and what its' doing now. No one brand or company can replace them, but I can't help but realize that it's Time to walk away.
this would be a better commercial if it was for Ford.﻿
Government﻿ Motors sucks.
It's blue,﻿ it's shiny, and it takes government money
The volt﻿ should have looked like it does in this commercial.
i like the guy more than the car lmao! no﻿ homo though man.
Great review. Fun, imaginitive and serious................I love your style!! The car is a substantial improvement over the old one and may even tempt me back to the BMW brand. One disappointment for me is the exhaust, I wish they had used a quad exhaust set up just to give that extra power design effect﻿ i.e. Jag XKR, Merc SL AMG etc. Good work guys keep them coming!!!
BMW's engines are terrible. First﻿ 80,000 miles is okay but after that...lots of problems
His cars sold really well though, and personally I loved the E92 3 series, and the Z4M coupe, both of which he had a hand in. I even liked the E60 5 series, though i think i like the new F10 a bit more. Design wise, BMW may be better﻿ but performance wise they are getting worse
i﻿ like the older 6 better...but this is beautiful
That's﻿ a boring ass interior :(
Ask yourself, how much money you've spent﻿ on that car to maintain/fix so far. I bet you've spent a lot
BMW sucks. Agree?﻿ Thumbs up!!!
"BMW trans-somethingsomething"﻿ looks kinda just like a matte screen
I like﻿ the old one design... but that looks cool.
Looks much better than the previous 6, but it's no Jaguar﻿ XK
the older model looked much better but﻿ its still a great car.
I think the previous model looked better but this one looks expensive. You don't even have to ask, JUST LOOK AT IT. Its obviously a 'rich people' luxury vehicle. If ur driving a luxury car it should look expensive and make poor people like me feel jealous. And this does. Good job BMW.﻿
BMW = rape﻿
I don't like the back of this car but the rest﻿ is GREAT!!!!
I think the previous 6 series looks a﻿ lot better, I don't think this 6 serious looks bad at all I just think they should of put more work into it, but lets see how the M6 will look this time. oh wait? BMW it's not bringing back the V10 engine only V8 too bad =(
overpriced﻿
yep....! overpriced﻿ pos xP
like all new bmw models, wonderful but unfortunatly after the 2003-2010 models, they got me so looking forward for the new models but they didnt﻿ turn as beautiful as i expected them to be, but very nice work!!
the technology is outstanding.... but the﻿ shape for the car.... is just not the best i guess!
man you can call me crazy but﻿ i like the old 6 much better. this one looks big and bulky. the older vers. had a unique shape to it that this new generation doesn't have. not too classy. but hey that's me.
The 2013 Merc SL is gonna be better....﻿
older version was﻿ better..
They should not have changed the﻿ back.it looks like an infinity.but still beautiful
An expensive car that the average person can't afford clearly intended for the wealthy, but﻿ the commercial is a nice concept perhaps the car is too just that a concept stage for another production model. It's too bad they don't make cars intended for the real world drivers not just the few that can afford luxury.
I just bought an﻿ Alfa...
great car but has a subtle hearse like aesthetic - and interior a bit like Liberace's coffin lining.﻿
how is this new??? lol...they are all beasts for the ultra﻿ rich but a refreshed interior,new bumper and led headlights is not new, seems more like an updated version of the old phantom to me
i think the series 1 looks better,that is,my opinion﻿
Just another﻿ box car
germans build﻿ junk idiot buy american cars
Obviously this bike doesn't have self-canceling turn signals...﻿
Looking great but she needs﻿ some more ground clearance, on those gentle bends she was touching down.
Its a﻿ beeootiful bike but the price is to high for what you get.
Actually, this bike is just an improved version of the 2003 Chief made by Gilroy. In 2003, the Gilroy Indian Chief came with the PowerPlus engine. You put a 2003 Chief next to one of these and you won't see much difference. What I really can't stand﻿ is how damn overpriced these bikes are.
Chief?﻿ Where's the Chief? Depicted here is all of a dull, skirted Heritage loaded with Ness's frenchy stuff, Victory+HD+SS+Daewoo 105 mill and so.But the Indian, where's the Indian?
I read in either Cycle World or Motorcycle Consumer﻿ News that for this kinda' money, one'd think he'd get a balanced engine or a rubber mounted motor. I bet it vibrates more than my REAL 1946 Chief. See my video of me on it at Stanroc after 25 APR 10.
Indians have always been my favorite, just not my﻿ favorite price tag.
$26,000. tooooooooooooo much﻿ for me
surely way a lot of bucks but the rice cookers are great too specially cruisers from yamaha and kawasaki are great bikes too and﻿ just half the price of a harley or indian
I ride in a big group.I have always liked the Indian.My cousin had a 47 all restored.But I cant get over the price.I﻿ might have to stick to Yamaha.At least until I win the lottery.Its too bad they are so high in price.Especially since they are starting out again.Greed must be a factor.Just like Harley.
MY PROBLEM with the New Indians are.... The Bike Is To Stretched Out Looking... to much space between the frame and back of front fender. Sits to high from ground to frame.... To much open space between motor and frame under seat area... Looks like the front forks are like 4 inches over from what it should be and the front fender doesn't cover enough of the front wheel.. Id buy a NEW Indian if these things were changed... My 2003 Kawasaki Drifter Looks more﻿ like an Indian the Indian does!
What an absolute piece of junk. All this chromed-out turd really is, is a Harley FLSTC with an inflated price tag and 400lbs. of extra crap. The FLSTC is 18 stacks, this phony "Indian"'s gotta be at least 20, if not 25. All you're paying for is the name. Anyone who buys this ugly-ass land yacht is a sucker. It's aimed at the same kind of Einstein﻿ who buys an Escalade instead paying thousands less for a Tahoe, not knowing that it's exactly the same truck. Morons.
Never understood how they could sell﻿ a re-badged Harley clone as an Indian, or that people would actually buy one. Got to admit, it took some balls to do that, and do it with a straight face.
Are you stupid? That engine is a COPY﻿ of the HD big twin! S&S copied the Evo (yes COPY look it up in the dictionary) and Indian originally used an S&S. The God-damned thing will bolt right into a HD! Then they redecorated the thing to pass it﻿ off as their own. The internals are damn near THE SAME. We aren't talking engine configuration (is that word too big for you?) we are talking carbon f'ing copy.
huh﻿ "so i buy an audi s4"))
how come jeremy didn't test drive it on advanced more?﻿ or do some awd drifting with the traction completly off??? still... not a bad looking car with an amazing interior! put some good coils on it with some bolt on's and it will def. be a huge improvemnet!
They have a nice engine sound, but the cars are﻿ ugly as hell
they looked old in the 1970s﻿
ugly colour ugly﻿ car
god﻿ damn that thing is ugly.
What I do is buy audi s4 :D that was proper answer,because I would do the﻿ same
It's not an﻿ M3 rival, but it's still a damn nice car. If only Volvo made the exterior a bit more exciting, like the old T5s.
this car is completely out of date....its﻿ ugly
volvo has made the ugliest and most bland cars since i could ever remember and this one has to﻿ be at the top of the list.
Really like the Car! But﻿ the interior is buttugly
Looks like the same BORING volvo design they have been using for 10﻿ years!
because when you drive an M3 you look like﻿ a cock. havent you watched TopGear before? lol.
"So what I do is... buy an audi S4." Volvo﻿ PWNED! :D
nobody takes volvo﻿ seriously...
What i'll do is buy an Audi S4﻿ also. lol
"So what I'd do﻿ is buy an Audi S4." Awesome.
How is this less embarrassing then an M3???? Whenever I﻿ see a Volvo on the road I always laugh at the person driving it... Man the Brits are a little different in car taste I guess.
volvos are so ugly!﻿
Why﻿ does it have headlight wipers? That's retarded.
"so hat i would is﻿ is buy a Audi S4" hahaha
the color is﻿ gay
This is﻿ more comparable to a Saab 9-5 Aero, even though this is probably a bit faster, being it has 50 more hp and I think I heard him say AWD. By no means an M3 competitor.
I guess I'm just a lot more open minded and less influencable by people's opinions and main stream visions than you are. I PERSONALLY believe handling and performance are also very important﻿ next to looks. Because of that I recommend you to drive a S60(R) yourself and find out what I'm actually talking about. I do however have to admit that the color of the car in this video is not attractive at all. A black paint seems to give this car a totally different look allready.
shame they didnt put a higher boost pressure on﻿ and a few more horsies ;-) 400bhp minimum
i dunno why, but I have an unjustified hatred for volvos. maybe the word "volvo" wronged me﻿ somehow.
Hahah, I'd buy an Audi S4﻿ over the S60R as well.
My friends have both cars. I actually prefer the feel of﻿ the S60R interior and overall driving characteristics better, though the S4 is faster and handles better.
So﻿ what I do..... buy a Audi S4 XD
maybe s4 is better but need moore fuel... it has v8 not r5 like volvo. I have s60r and in city 13l/km and on highway 9-10l with﻿ 120km/h..
Awesome﻿ review! I still say the GT40 was my favorite one (:
i can't get past that﻿ seafoam green color. blahh.
if this s60 had 400hp and a harder suspension, it﻿ could rival the m3..
the s60 and v70 are﻿ sooo much better looking than the 3 series saloon and avant
the leather﻿ seats really look terrible with the black plastic dashboard.
i﻿ would buy an S4 too
Not﻿ sure if I like the robin's egg blue paint with that oompa loopma spray-tan interior. Clashes a bit.
yeah it needs a higher quality﻿ vinyl dash
S4 come n! Sti is better even the EVO is more better﻿
BMW M3 ALL﻿ THE LIFE !!
man out of all the color they offer﻿ this car in, they have to pick this one =__= it's hideous imo.....
575 is in the﻿ wet so if you add 4 seconds to make it a dry time....yeah its quite abit quicker then the volvo
It look's﻿ slow . :/
Volvo just is a tractor disguised﻿ as a car. It looks boooooring.. and the traction control stuff.. damn that's poor. It will never be a rival for the M3.. The M3 is a sports car, the volvo is a lazy family car.
dude2106 @ i`m so with﻿ u man , your right volv vs bmw , pleassee man where are u guys from sweden ? uuahahhuah look bmw m3 is faster god looking than the volvo plus it is famous pace !
Yes you can get the R﻿ in america. They are nice looking cars but it has no comparison to a BMW M3. The BImmer is a small monster..... But the R is very nice and Bledarboss I know your making fun on the thr volvo fans but... Make sure while making fun you spell your words correctly just kind of makes you look stupid..
The volvo is a good car, but a﻿ bit boring.
Absolutely, its a good looking car but﻿ no way is it an ///M3
listen to JEREMY, buy an audi S4 :D!﻿
Volvo always uses incredibly low profile﻿ tyres. Pretty expensive to replace I bet.
The C70 platform was counceived for FWD models, principally the Focus MK II, its kinetics correspond to this layout. Whenever manufacturers offer alternative drivetrains for FWD platforms (usually simply by adding kardans or LSDs) the results are mostly poor. FWD to AWD: Audi, Volvo, Ford, Mazda. As far as I know the only maker to reconvert﻿ a FWD platform to RWD was Rover with the 75 and results were likewise poor (even if BMW had foreseen such conversion while developing it)
Saddest example is probably Alfa Romeo: cheap FIAT-adaptations designed for FWD in a suspension arrangement favouring﻿ safety e.g. understeer. Then they build supposedly sports cars just by installing AWD; result is CRAP The problem is big car producers supposedly see such narrow profit margins that they try to build as few and cheap-to-build platforms. While they sell millions of that supermarket crap, get rich, ignorant customers buy by looks only, in that meantime, WE GET CRAP.
audi﻿ s4
HAHAHAHAHAH u dont even no my friend. u dont even no. s60 R 2004, great car﻿ to drive around everyday except winter. but they only make those rims there is no other rim for that car, so you can imagine tires hahah. and when ur mom parks it on a curb every time and peices of the rim are missing. YEAAAAAAAAA
love that.... so﻿ what i do is buying an audi s4 LOL best conclusion
I got it restamees ans wedziss. Nevertheless it's a great car to drive, a well made chassis, powerful engine and very comfortable which﻿ u won't find all these is a bmw. to be honest, I don't think the s60R deserved the Clarkson's tasteless jokes.
never liked volvo. honda and bmw﻿ ftw
Poor volvo has declined so much over the years. Now under Chinese hands it will probably﻿ end up like MG.
agre i thibk tht﻿ a reall nice nad gfast car bth peroblem th all volvos itstht the pot tobig attention for safety huh and i thik it pots not nice imige on sports model bcse it tok out all fun from driving huh......... both i think iots still a great car wth a lot of fun from driving plus a lot of safety too i think volvos arestill the most safe cars in europe right......
I hope you right. Volvo has been on the decline. Sure it has some good models, but nobody in their right mind (except if you are female) buys a Volvo﻿ now. I doubt that the Chinese will save Volvo. They can barely manage themselves, let alone a well established marque.
jeez that car sucks.... anyone else see the stig in a black race﻿ suit before?
wow your a dumbass.... the S60R does not suck yeah its slow compared to all the very exspensive sports cars on that board but it can still spank most stuff on the road that u see everyday. so what are you on about? and the reason why the stig has a black suit on is because that is the first stig from earlier﻿ seasons.
@allenspedface32 your a bastard. this car is fuckin sick, what r u dissapointed about. . . obviously its not gunna compare to an m3. if i had this car i would shit my pants, i drive a 2002 jetta 1.8t and i friggin love it so﻿ i dont know why your complaining
@allenspedface32 Well you're lucky. That's a﻿ very powerful car that you're getting to drive around. Don't be disappointed with Clarkson's review of it. It's his opinion. Clarkson said it wasnt as good as the M3.. The car doesn't try to be an M3. It tries to be a cheaper alternative to the M3. It's a bloody good car, in all honesty.
ummm not really have you driven one? Yeah its quicker than most average sedans like a pontiac grand prix and a chevy lumina, but it is much slower than its competitors. I like the car a lot, i want one in fact, but giving it the credit of being fast is not really being fair. Ive driven that and some of its competitors and my girlfriend owned the v8 audi s4 and it was no contest﻿ in terms of performance. I guess it really just depends on what your benchmark for fast is.
you cant base quick/fast off of horse power? that is stupid. so you are saying that a turbo-charged miata with 240 HP is quick but not fast, when i have seen them lay down a world of hurt on some 400hp+ cars in a straight line. The lotus exige with 240hp does 0-60 in 4.1 seconds that is faster than the 550hp shelby gt 500. SO no you cant base it off of hp, you have to consider many things especially torque, traction, weight and things like that. So no it is not fast in many respects﻿
