alfa romeo has reliability issues, though﻿
Nice car, good review, SMILE﻿ and emotions ... Good job, both!
good profile, ugly front, and the boot is a little bulgy.... and the car is a bit﻿﻿ the same also
Lexus CT200h and Alfa Romeo MiTo? Completly my taste, thanks for these﻿ two reviews Mat and Rebecca!
This would make﻿ a fantastic daily driver/commuter. too bad I live in the United States of Not Enough Cars Offered
It looks small outside, but quite big (surprisingly) inside. Nice styling﻿ too.
All models released after the 159 are more reliable than﻿ Audis in general.
good looking car,but its a heap﻿ of shite
Put a Smile on my face, just watching..﻿ :) £300..? Done. √
It is a nice little hatchback, but I prefer the Audi A1﻿ (I know, it is much more expansive).
meh... looks like a ford﻿ ka with a better looking and longer front.. and bigger engine...
however this model is the top range and it's called Quadrifoglio﻿ which means four-leaf clover...that name is the sport range...even Giuletta has this sport version...is like RS for Renault or RS for Audi...however the engine is not the best on market!
Maybe because Alfa focuses more on a good driving experience rather﻿ than ipods?
hmmm... I did forget that this Alfa Romeo﻿ MiTo still has that Italian passion that makes the car drive well. We don't have Alfa Romeo here in PH though that's why I don't know much about 'em.
I almost got into a fight with dumb MiTo driver yesterday, son of a bitch just didn't know how to drive....﻿ but the car looked great :D
Bravo!!! At last MiTo's review... Maybe the best color is white. Thanks for this, actually i﻿ think this car is better than mini or A1... Maybe 308 GTi or VW GTi would be a good rivals.
Really?!? That's kinda mean... I ddn't expect that in Europe where there are BMWs, VWs, Opel, Jag, though I love JDM, I also love﻿ European cars a lot!
I own an Alfa (the Mito in fact) so I may be slightly bias. But I think the main appeal of an Alfa is the sense of occasion when you drive it, because they are NEVER ordinary - they never look just like another car. I still get so many﻿ comments on my Alfa after owning for 3 years now, some bad comments, mostly good though. They just get talked about. My friends drive Hondas, Audi, VWs, Ford etc, and yet all they ever do, is talk about how ugly/good looking my Alfa is.=]
That's nice of course, but to me, it just looks like any other car out there. I know I sound like a cynical bastard, but I really don't think new cars are all that 'hot', which is why﻿ I guess people like Alfa Romeo's because at least they're something a 'little' different.
love this﻿ car!!
Ya she is sexy...car﻿ and girl!!!
Hmm I'd disagree with this video... Having owned one...The fuel economy is well not amazing 30mpg max... Wind and road noise isn't amazing... however the worst is the interior quality which ins't amazing... Too many cheap materials i'm afraid hard plastics.... Means if you fork out £600 for the Bose like I did it will rattle. However forgive that and it's great to drive and petrol engines are lovely! Diesels are bad and I mean bad...sound like a blooming tractor. Also dealers are poor still!﻿
MITo, Why u so CUTe﻿
nice car, god﻿ review
In my language (Croatian and even in Serbian or Bosnian) MiTo means "bribe". It looks﻿ good, though. And if it's not sh*t under the hood as Italian low end cars mostly are...
It has been out for years and for me it is still the most﻿ inspiring design out there in the segment. I am not lucky enough to drive one but I see them pretty much on a daily basis. I live near Torino ;)
guess you have many different﻿ words for "bribe".MiTo means Milano/Torino. Italian engines are the best in the world,at least compared to Yugo.
guess you have many different words for "bribe".MiTo means Milano/Torino. Italian engines are the﻿ best in the world,at least compared to Yugo.
fantastic cars beatiful women.. very nice video..﻿ life is good .d..d.d.d.
Beautiful. Alfa Romeo. If anything else matters﻿ I don't want to know about it. I'd take this home over pretty much anything else on the market. Except maybe the Giulietta.
love﻿ this car
lol you﻿ must have a crappy mechanic, my mito is a 2009 qv model with 80000 km on the clock and i have never had a problem.
I'm pretty sure the QV came out in 2010. I have the 155bhp version and I'm pretty happy with it! Truth is Alfas are extremely reliable these﻿ days which is more than I can say about my poor 2006 Audi A4 unfortunately... but I love them both! :-)
Well﻿ nearmost 3 years (was registered on the 9th October 2009, the first mito in denmark), and im happy that your mito have been as reliable as mine :)
What...No reliability issues for an Alfa...That would﻿ be a first.
sexxy. ...and the car isn't too bad either...﻿
That's﻿ one sexy car !
i dunno what's﻿ more cute and beautiful, her or the car!
love the color combo,﻿ i would not have someone drive me around in this, it would have to be me behind the wheel!
Yep!It is a good comment and also the car color!﻿
Beautiful﻿ Automobile.
Yes, but your are﻿ paying for real wood, real chrome, and its hand made. And what i mean by real chrome, chrome on most cars now a days are just sprayed on and fake plastic. Unlike the RR chrome it is real.
jajajjajajajajajaja﻿ it´s great jajaja poor porche xddd i love ninja!!
R1 > ALL﻿
haha the porsche got scared.. xD go﻿ ninja go!!
I LOVE KAWASAKI﻿ NINJA!:)*LOL
Lol. You clown. What happens when you spend $80,000 on a porsche and get smoked by something you can buy 2nd hand for $10,000. Yeah I'll take note of that. I'm gonna go and sell my﻿ bike now. I could hit a bump.
Why are some people so aggro against kawasaki? i mean gimme one reason? It's just fucking pure jealousy they invented the fucking super motosport in motorcycle and they﻿ are the pioneers in machines.
Yay Kawasaki! Let the good times﻿ roll! :)
noooooooooooooooooooooo looooooooooooool what a commercial!!!! Best Bike EVER!!!!!﻿
12R? dam thats 1200 cc﻿ right? thats pretty fast yeah
great the fastest machine zx12r﻿
Kawi for life!!!﻿
HA-HA!! Kawasaki the﻿ best!
Haters﻿ only hate because they don't have one.
I own a Harley and I think this video is funny, you have to be able to laugh at things like this. Yes there was a time when Harley-Davidson had a bad name and built a bad product "The AMF years" Aswer this if they are so bad and sux why has every other﻿ company offered a bike that looks just like a Harley since the design patent was up, I guess it's true, imitation is the best form of flattery.
it's my money i'll spend it on what i want...so i baught a harley fatboy...and i wish i would have done it sooner. so all of you full blooded american's that love buying foreign made bikes,cars,and beer go to that country and live maybe you will find happiness there.stop putting down the american heritages that our﻿ forefather's made and crafted.......................
i ve always thought harleys were overpriced ..... but the fact that the design hasnt changed much is coz thats what the most HD riders have always wanted﻿ ... when i saw buell the first thing that came to my mind was-" is there anyway i can stick a springer front end on this one?" .....
When you buy Harley, you are buying a name. That's it. I can't remember the last time I saw someone riding a Harley (except for the REALLY old guys that have been riding for 30 years or more) that actually seemed like a genuine person. You're buying a﻿ brand name and you are paying premium prices for it. Grow a pair and buy a quality bike.
I live a few miles away from the Harley plant in York, PA. The majority of what ur paying for with a Harley is the labor. I personally know several people the work at the plant and they r paid VERY well! I like Harleys, don't know if I'll ever buy﻿ one but it is American made and it costs more to make everything in the US. My ZX10 was probably made by some teenage girl in a sweatshop make pennies a day, WTH! lol
When you buy HD what you are buying or﻿ rather what they are selling you is a make believe culture that has not existed in 30 years. The concept is so vail thin that a 5 year old could see through it. What is pathetic about it is that most of the people who purchase HD have memorized the marketing psalms line and verse and built their entire lives around something that does not exist (i.e., pagan religion) HD used to be a counter-culture, now pop culture. They've become that they used to abhor.
I'm a relatively young guy with a decent job and a HD that I really like. They're fun to ride but to each his own. Try not to get too carried away with your opinions﻿ . . .
Be proactive about what. The US economy?? Problem is that even if I rode a Victory, the HD loyalist still view it as inferior. Don't make an arguement about buying american made products﻿ when the techonology base of HD as not changed in 50 years, but dang they sure make some nice products with the HD logo on them. The last time I was at the HD dealer they had reading glasses, bowling balls and diapers with the logo emblazoned on them.
Shure you can go and buy a Kawasaki VN900...and you'll have and excellent bike that won't brake down for years to come. Ofcourse you'll have to trade in the head turns when you pass by, the iconic sound of of the V-twin﻿ and the feeling of driving a piece of history. If you want a racebike, buy a Suzuki GSX, if you want a Tourer buy a BMW R1200GS. If you'r in for cruising the town...there is nothing in the world that commes close to a HD.
Why is it that I see all this trash talk on Harleys by non Harley riders but I've seen very little trash talk about jap bikes from Harley riders? Ive seen way more metric riders talk shit than Harley riders. The current Harley's work just fine,﻿ why do people bash others simply for riding preference? I mean, the unreliable harley's were from 40yrs ago !
hey there from europe! germanys﻿ biggest mc-mag "motorrad" puts bikes on a 50.000 km test on a regular basis - best quality so far: hd road king! i myself own a ktm (austrian) and a bmw (german) bike - but i think hd builds good bikes - always depends on personal preference - for european markets i think hd has to drop this strange pseudo-rocker image - especially to reach the younger ones
Funny, but it definitely rubs salt into the Harley owners wound. Call﻿ it what you want, but there's no bike as nice as a Harley. Many try, none compare, not even Honda. They ride great, work fine, and even my 20 year old Sportster still goes like a beast. If you don't like them, good for you. We can't hear you anyway, our pipes are loud. As far as the bikes getting outsourced, I hope the Harley owners get the bean counters to reconsider, fast!
Nice bike﻿ at 0:35 love the old 30s and 40's bikes.
Love them﻿ or hate them, but they put more Americans to work than all metrics combined. Take pride in America, buy American products.
Yes Harley does over charge for there﻿ sh!t that's y I go to jpcycles for all my bike needs. But I ain't seen jap bike yet that could even compare to a Harley. Japs rule in the crotch rocket world but they need to leave the cruisers to Harley bc they just don't get it. Ride to live!
Do you want a﻿ bike that cant hold its value? Sounds like a lawnmower. Made of plastic and makes your back hurt from holding yourself up. Then dont buy a Harley.
Actually the Japanese have been making some pretty nice "copy-cat Harleys" the past few years. Check out the Yamaha Raider, Suzuki Boulevard, Honda VTX1800. I think the new Honda Fury is a pretty cool bike. I think Harleys are still good, though some people just don't have﻿ the extra disposable income to afford them. It's not so much their technology or engineering prowess, it's American's pride and patriotism that keeps them in business.
@Stridersng1 I understand. I go through the same thing about BMW and Mercedes cars. I think the engineering and quality, (at least in the late 80s to mid 90s cars), are unmatched by any other car manufacturer. But I get comments of how expensive they are to maintain. They really aren't if know how to use﻿ tools and find parts on the internet. Though YouTube is filled will many immature idiots that have nothing better to do than be ignorance or start childish arguments and name calling.
This﻿ is bullshit!!!whoever loves stupid little Kawasaki and street bikes are as gay as shit you don't want a harley because you cant even lift it up!!!stupid faggots
I have owned and ridden nearly every make of motorcycle, My 1975 and 1983 Honda Gold Wing being the﻿ most reliable. I now ride a H-D and enjoy the ride, but I refuse to dress up like one of the 'village people'!!! What is with the 'costume' attire of most Harley riders?
I ride a Harley.﻿ I love harley's and I still thought the commercial was funny.
Ya know,I really love my Harley,but am almost embarrassed to ride it anymore because of all the jackasses out there that give them a bad name.These young guys that run there mouth just have some growing up to do,I get that,but these guys in their 40s,50s and so on,to look down your nose at some﻿ one that rides a honda,or whatever...C'mon man!Maybe that guy wants a Harley,and just can't afford it.Maybe,just maybe he likes that Honda.
i would rather have a ultra glide eagle patriot edition limited than a fx123000gxrfxd400cc wasabi tempura edition bike. id rather be with badass bad hygiene bikers than bi curious spoiled fuckin' daddy's little boy richkids with too much time and money on their hands... its either that or well groomed businessmen ducati and bmw riders, and as good as their bikes are, the type of people that do might as well ride pink vespas screaming "im a flowery faggot"﻿
man. i ride Harley. and i really like my bike. but﻿ i dont like the HD company... i dont like their commercial aggressive greed.. i find them hypocrites. and i really find this video funny
I have owned about every brand over my 40 years of riding. My favorite? My 2009 HD Road Glide. Be fair, make a commercial about the bike companies from﻿ Japan flooding the U.S. market with their bikes selling them at a loss just to get into the market? Make sure you get the angle where the U.S. bike companies went out of business and the workers on the streets. Funny, the Japanese rushed to make a V-Twin, then made it sound just like a Harley and copied the styling. So much "1940's Techniology".
The US Constitution hasn't changed in 200 years . . . So ya see, not everything has to change and because it doesn't change, does NOT﻿ make it obsolete.
its more﻿ than tech idiots....
harley﻿ is cooler.... lol
Stuff like this makes me love harleys even more, its great how people either hate them or love them. i just wish people would focus﻿ on what they like instead of going out of there way to just talk shit about something, like a harley.
what do harleys and vacuum cleaners﻿ have in common ...........they both have dirt bags on them I've always liked that joke but now its time to go jump on my dyna streetbob and take it out I absolutly love my bike
98% of all Harleys ever made are still on﻿ the road....the other 2% made it home :~)
idk ive road jap bikes, crotch rockets, but the first time i road my dads harley, i loved the way it shifted, handled and the comfortability, i dont care for the hunch back style of the crotch rockets, but i like the older jap bikes, suzuki, honda, yamaha, early 80s- mid 80s, but its all in wat ur looking for, you wanna do 160 down main﻿ st. , hey its ur preference, if u do a lot of traveling on highways, then more power to ya
haha...halfthrottle is gay! He peddles crap just to get hits on YouTube. lol Heres some solid advice for everyone, ride whatever you like visually and what feels comfortable when you sit on it. Doesn't matter if you ride a Honda, Harley, Suziki, BMW, Custom and etc. A true biker likes bikes period. It's about the ride, not about who can afford what. Have fun﻿ guys...don't get caught up by bike haters on the net... :) Yes, I've owned a Ninja and an HD, they are both GREAT. Hell yeah!
This is the most asinine video ever. If you actually understand anything about small engines and﻿ how they work you would know harley davidson has the most advanced ignition systems and fuel systems. Don't even get me started on resale value. Buell owes a lot to harley davidson, and he's rebuilding the american sportbike industry. Where would he be without his years at harley davidson? If you wanna well built cruiser you wanna harley davidson or your lying to yourself. Japanese cruiser = wannabe.
ahah funny, im a huge harley fan always have been put some of the jokes in this he makes are true they sell out to patriotic hertiage idea which makes harleys a little over priced. but he forgot to mention all the amazing qualities harleys have and the millions of dollars of engineering that﻿ goes into harley davidson. They are very advanced bikes and very reliable. I just hate those rice rockets becuase they sound like a baby farting and are uncomfortable to ride.
You said it shit head Heritage tradition I see different styles and colors .Some folks like the springer front end I do and dont give a fuck if you dont .We dont buy it to make you happy shit head ,and you dont buy what you buy to make us happy .Its a little thing called choice .I chose Harley I love my Harley .If the motors are so out dated why is everybody trying to copy them ? Why is everybody trying to build what they think is a good cruiser .The only one to come close﻿ is the Victory
Alright alright LOL I am sorry I just get extremely pissed off when people dog on Harley's .You may not like them and thats fine .But there are some older time bikers that aint as nice as me .I have owned Triumphs ,Kaws and a Goldwing .Harley always lasted a﻿ lot longer and thats what I like .Ride what you want I will ride what I want .Now ya aint got to shit in yer hand .Ya threw me there
I feel the same way. Harley's clever advertising campaigns have set the motorcycle industry back﻿ a long way.
I dont give a fuck what you think I like Harleys plain pure and simple they have been doing it right for a lot longer .If you dont like them FUCKING RIDE SOMETHING ELSE .I like Victory but I dont want one .I like Triumph BUT I DONT WANT ONE .I DONT LIKE THESE TINNEY JAP JUNKERS and﻿ there is no way in fucking hell I will own one .Backwards my ASS it is a niche .You have sport riders you have dirt riders trial riders mopeds quads and you have cruisers .
Ya really dont get it do ya﻿ ? I am done with ya I told you and you dont listen .I DONT FUCKING WANT ONE OF THOSE SHIT BOXES not because they are SOO wonderful .I LIKE HARLEY thats what I ride thats what I want to ride that is all I will ride .Nothing else comes close for ME ride a goddamn unicycle for all I care .I too am a mechanic 27 yrs diesel and auto .Fit in huh ? brother you dont want me fitting in.I could tell you stories that would curl yer short and curlies .I done with ya
I have told you and told you IDONT CARE WHAT YOU RIDE ride it .Your like one of those little gnats that wont leave ya alone .I dont need to go fast ,I dont need to pop wheelie's ,I despise stop light racers .For me a Harley is perfect if you dont like it here's a suggestion for ya FUCK OFF !! I dont care .I look like a assclown wel get you one of those racing suits and﻿ get ya a bright yellow one then you can move to San Fran cause you will look like a ass bandit
You are a fucking moron .Dont tell me I care what you ride fuck off .I have ridden with guys that ride other than Harleys If ya look in old Easyrider mags you will find they sold Honda Patches in there also .I guarantee I have gone faster than you ever will PEEWEE .Ya know what Fuck you you just egg and egg its like you are trying to get something out of me that wont happen RICERS ARE SHIT I RIDE A HARLEY AND IF YOU DONT﻿ LIKE IT FUCK YA PENIS LICKER good bye and good riddance
I will admit Harley is a shit box the day they treat ole scratch for frost bite on his pointy little tail asshole .Look in the mirror and I see a happy longhaired biker type redneck who is happy being me not some annoying little assbite that thinks he knows it all .Uneducated thats﻿ a laugh ,I have an associates degree in diesel tech ,I grad from high school ,I can drive anything under the sun and on land .I have worked in body shops ,truck shops in construction and demolition ,
I dunno... my XR1200X is a lot like the opposite of everything you said... :-P It's good to make fun of H-D though.﻿ Keeps them honest. :-)
Hey Harley bikes are bad ass if Mr. Buell is pissed because they cancel his weird and poor﻿ designed bikes than so be it.
I kinda like some Harley Davidson﻿ models, but i have to admit, this is pretty funny. :)
wow, you're an idiot. I'm sure no where in the entire world of the internet, there is not a single video anywhere dedicated to picking on metric bikes. Price a metric cruiser, and find a comparable Harley, then price that one. The metric will be close to and sometimes even more expensive than a Harley. But, the Harley will still hold it's value 5 years down﻿ the road when that same metric is worth less than half what it cost new. Do some research before you bash, you dipshit.
just think it's funny when uneducated people like you bash harleys. between HD's and comparable metrics, metrics are only slightly cheaper and sometimes even more expensive than an HD for the same features. Yet, for some odd reason, metrics drop﻿ half their resale value 20 minutes after they're driven off the lot and HD's don't. Weird how that works.
funny you mention the "noise"﻿ of an HD when metric companies program misfires into some bikes to get the Harley sound, and a lot of aftermarket companies build their exhaust and owners modify theirs to sound like a Harley.
A goldwing? Seriously? One of the heaviest bikes on the market with horrible gas mileage and looks like a tank??? I wouldn't be caught dead on one of those things. I can ride my deuce all day with no problems, so it fits me just fine. When I'm 65 years old, maybe I'll look into one, tho. And talking about dragging parts on the ground in a discussion about harleys is just idiotic.﻿ It's a cruiser, they're not built to be able to easily drag a knee in the corners, numbnuts.
I think I see now why you USED to sell bikes, and do not currently. Let's go back to the fact that 85% of HD's are priced the same FROM THE START as comparable metrics. But, like I've said already, the metrics don't hold their value. I've already had this discussion on another forum and done plenty of research to support my argument, so don't﻿ waste your time telling me that HD's are twice the price of metrics new and blah blah blah. They're not. But still are worth more used.
what an idiot.ridin my 3rd Harley and never had problems other than tires. ﻿
hey jackass, I DON'T WANT TO DO ALL THOSE THINGS I LISTED. If I did, I'd have an R1 sitting in my garage, not a Harley. I got over my﻿ "go as fast as possible" stage when I was 24 years old, I have a daughter that depends on me to support her. The speed limit is only 65 around me, and I could care less to ever see a track again.
i have﻿ a 95 1200 custom with 76,000 miles, never rebuilt. riden daily. and I live in NY!!!
I fucking love Japanese motorcycles and i﻿ love more than anything the fact that every hardcore Harley rider has a american flag somewhere on there leather but the fact that their sacred Harley Davidson are the saddest excuse of what america strives to stay on top of in the transportation market... that is performance handling comfort safety and affordability
Nice! I just rode with a guy Sunday who has a brand new Honda 750 shadow. Went back to the same place he bought it from less than 30 days after he drove it off the lot, wanted the 1300. They would only﻿ offer im $5000 less than he paid for it new on trade!!! Boy, that sure sounds like a jap company supporting its customer, eh? HD ran a deal a few years back buy a sporty, ride a year, they give you retail for it on trade for a bigger bike.
Interestingly though the evolution of a biker always goes the same way. You drive different Jap bikes﻿ for a while or even over a decade, then once you finally get over your prejudice and get that Harley you no longer want to drive anything else. Ever. Of all the countless bikers I've known that eventually evolved to Harley riders, less than 5% ever bought any other brand again. But hey, if I have to explain you would not understand. Have fun whaterver you ride.
Harley's are awesome. I like the feel when everything is shaking under me and when there is a lot of noise﻿ so people will look at me and my lather on me... I don't care about bike performance, just about that attention, It's just so cool...
OK Max I see your point ! Maybe I was Too Fast to past﻿ judgement . And what't this fell for it also crap ! I was just wondering where you got your Information ? And YES Harleys are overpriced but they have to Pay AMERICAN UNION Workers to produce them ! Labor's not Cheap Here in the States ! I Think that they think that the product their producing is good. But what the Hell Do I Know ,It's not possible to know what's going on in someone else's mind or know what they are thinking .Only women ca
When you say "Outdated Technology" that's not Always such a﻿ Bad Thing ! My Chevrolet Truck was Built in 1936 And She's great ! I wish she could Talk . The straight six is way outdated but chances are it'll still be running after I'm Not . Just like It Outlasted the Previous Owner . Harley Engines from what I've been Told are based upon a slice of a Radial Six Aircraft Engine . And a lot of these are still in the Air . Honda Engines Run great ! We'll see... In a Hundred years or so if their Lega
Ahhh, yet ANOTHER Harley bashing video. Funny thing is all the rice riders go out of their﻿ way to hate on Harleys yet I rarely see it the other way around. About 95% of what was said in the video is pure bullshit but they speak it like gospel truth. The only thing close to true was that Harley holds to traditional styling / retro look. It's a bike preference you fucking losers; now go outside, knock the dust off your ugly Honda and go ride some.
jap bikes= horrible﻿ sound do to the overstock of rice in the valves. harley daivdson= the true american badass live to ride, ride to live! HD
yall are prices of shit HD has the most advanced electical systems right now thew new HD LAN systems is all sensors no switches is 4﻿ wires goin to the controlls and fly by wire technology no throttle cables any more. more response in acceleration and u kno what i can wheelie my harely better than any peice of shit rocket can
I have owned bikes since I was a kid in NM when you only had to be 13 to get a license for one. Totally different type of person rides a Harley and I love it. I owned a Night Rod Special that would just about beat any Jap bike. Now I ride a Road Glide /103ci, because I like to travel. About the oil leak, you need to get out of the 50's and grasping for straws, I've never had an oil leak with any of﻿ my existing or past Harleys, although I did with my Nijia.
I have a Road﻿ King 01...Best bike I've ever owned...No leaks here.....
Not to be rude but you're just repeating what he said in the video. I recently moved to a somewhat rural area and there's a lot of Harleys around here, I see them very often and I was never a fan of cruisers but I have to admit I'm warming up to them. I've had people here tell me that HDs are quality bikes and worth the money. I understand it's meant to be all vintage, etc, but I mean it's not like they're﻿ the same product from 50 years ago. cont'd...
..the manufacturing processes have been updated I'm sure, the build quality﻿ seems to be high, and they do have some updated technology in the old style bikes, do they not? Seems like people are being unfair. I mean if a lot of people love classic cars... I'm sure many people would be happy if there was a company that built vintage style cars that have the required performance for today's roads yet the old style feel. Maybe I'm way off.. oh well. I'd like to get a Sportster someday! =D
He has every right to be mad. You don't like Harley's ok we get it. They are to loud to slow cost to much. You think they are not reliable and break down. Out dated got it. So don't buy one ride what ever floats your boat. I'll ride what I like you ride what you like. I don't need or want your opinion on how I spend my money. Ride what you want and shut the hell up. I'll take my Harley's﻿
@maxrider. Again not trying to impress just educate. Son I have not just ridden but owned Ducati,Yamaha,Kawasaki 750 triple"the Harley guys hated that bike in the 70s" Honda's125 to 1200 Goldwing. They were all great bikes, but as I got older my riding﻿ style has changed. I enjoy what I ride sorry you don't care for Harley's but as you get older you will change too. Hopefully less disrespectful and less immature. Take care son. Ride safe if you really ride at all.
Yeah I only make fun of Harley's because I﻿ love them so much.
why so much hate ? life is too short to be hating i have both a zx10r and a harley streetbob. i enjoy﻿ one just as much as the other.
All right, i need to move on to another thread already. I've had a Hayabusa, a Vulcan, a Ninja, and 2 Harleys. In my opinion, which we all know opinions are like assholes, WE ALL GOT ONE, the older you get the more you'll lean towards nostalgia. And my Hogs are the best bikes I have owned and funnest for my age. Granted, having said that, Goldwings will blow the shit out﻿ of my Road King, but I still don't like them. Hogs just put a shit eatin' grin on my face everytime I ride them. Bye, bye now.
I really do feel sorry for Mr. Buell. It isn't right. They should have given him the vrod engine to play with. But that's not a 1950's bike that was shown. More like a '47. And Harley has come a long way in the last few years. I have had a Harley built in '46 and still own a 76 flh and an '04 Heritage. I don't make fun of the metric guys. If you ride, you ride. Harleys have a thing﻿ about them that not is fully understood by all riders.
What a load of shit! You guys forgot what "to ride" means... stop worring if the guy next to you owns a Harley, a﻿ Japanese bike or a European bike. Riding is about pleasure, not a "brand war". Harleys are obsolete? Yeah, and that's what is special about them! I love the Ducati's... and the Triumph's, and the Hondas, and the BMW's also! It's a Bike? Got a big engine? Than I like it! Stop being silly guys... Please!
@themaxrider so what your really saying is you wish you could build a bike as good as Harley (but you can't ) and your jealous that they are better at marketing than you are. Thanks for clearing that up. I thought you just hated Harley's and the people that ride them. Merry Christmas to﻿ all even the harley haters
I know humor,and I see it here,still I got an Harley myself,-but that doesent mean that you should post this video and courage people to go and buy an Hayabusa or so and go 190 mp/h and become an hasard to them self and others,-we Harley folks like Harley﻿ cause it has an personality and pride both in achievement and History that goes all the way back to 1903.The caring for our bikes is mutch more than "Racebike" owners,thats cause we passion in our Harleys. Best regards from Norway.
thank,you for understanding in﻿ keeping your love for your vehicle and ensure its in good cindition,also thanks for good comment,-and I actually just put a hand on the bike once and stroke it and I sayed something like "One day..",and then I just smiled at it,for some it sound weird,but for us HOGèrs its a feeling that is right.Choosing to own an Harley,is like to get your D**ck sucked,you rather would like an woman to do it to you,so now you know how we feel owning an Harley.
I don't like harleys but come one man, people just have different taste than you. A lot of riders don't care about performance or reliability, they just want something classic and cool and loud. For them I﻿ say ride on. (I'll stick to sport bikes and cafe racers, however.)
Ride a Harley and then try to bash it. I bet you wont find it so bad. And the commercial is incorrect in so many ways its not even worth mentioning. Harley have modern technology they are just more simple then Jap bikes and when it comes to reliability Harley has no problems there. They are﻿ a top quality product built simply for a different purpose then sportbikes what's so wrong with that
I rode the rest, I only﻿ wish I would of bought a Harley-Davidson Along time ago, I didn't know what Iwas missing out on, I love the Harley life style, I truly have met alot nice people that ride them, Thank You Harley-Davidson....
Well thats funny because they sold me a bike, and it had nothing to do with the lifestyle or brotherhood, I ride alone because I﻿ prefer to. Im a cruiser rider not looking for 150MPH, although I love the torque 85 lbs of the HD, and the sound. I compared other cruiser models (imports) and the performance, lean angle, ect. is comparable. Now:Resale value HD excellent. Imports next to nothing. Fact not opinion
i can't believe﻿ i like this car, got character
Well, Clarkson did say, this is the best car in the﻿ world... :D
He forgot to mention that you can﻿ drive through a burning building with out having your icecream melt!!!!
I've had the 110 diesel version of the Yeti for 8 months now, it still puts a smile on my face every time I drive it:) ﻿ Good all round review Matt.
watch the top gear version Jeremy Clarkson loves this﻿ car!
lol it was even faster than﻿ a ferrari :P
Its better than an X3 - trust me, BMW's are not worth the money. My friend traded his X3 for﻿ a Yeti last year and is more than impressed.
I guess youre right, but i still would buy the 1,8 with manual. And why you dont like Diesel ? it is well known that Diesels in Skoda's are as good﻿ as petrol engines. I drive 1,8 diesel and had 2.0 petrol. The sound is very surpressed in yetti from high pressure engine.
This car is also great if you have the need to drive through a fireplace with an ice cream or the need to park a﻿ helicopter on its roof.
great interior beautiful﻿
I like the body design. It reminds me of an older Honda CRV. Great trunk usability.﻿
very few﻿ people actually know that this car is amazing
i love the yeti i wish﻿ it came to north america as a vw!
I reckon this lil' Skoda could become a cult car in years to come!...its got a quirky face, and Its probably﻿ built to last ...
I like that headrest,﻿ it looks VERY functional.
Best﻿ Car ever
Best car ever.﻿
@MacGyver920﻿ NOOOO skoda superb is
this truly is the best car in the world﻿
My favourite﻿ car of all time, I think.
Egh i admit, i love﻿ this car and the red makes the car look fantastic
I'd prefer when the left to right driver side conversion takes place, the indicator stalk is also moved﻿ to the opposite side of the gear lever. Bit of lazy cost savings. Spoils an otherwise excellent car. Signed Skoda Superb owner in Australia.
This car is Czech with German engine (VW). It is amazing, i own the 4x4 1.8lt version, 160 hp, i feel like the king of the road. :-) In Greece it was voted "car of the year" for 2010. Looking at its price and what﻿ it offers it can be easily regarded as the best car ever built, as other people have mentioned in their comments here.
along with the superb and this, Skoda﻿ (and VW ofc) has done really well the recent years.
I seriously﻿ like this car.
Just ordered one of these yesterday, can't wait (6 months delivery for 1 here in the uk though, boo...) To megamanmadrid :- the yeti as does the vast majority of cars from the﻿ last ten years has adjustable headrests on the rear seats the same as the front seats have. In this video they are set in there lowest position to allow better rear visibility for the driver.
I really like﻿ the flat rear end, it makes it look more rugged and utilitarian then the Tiguan.
one of the best cars that is﻿ always under the radar, because its a skoda.
There is no denying cars get better in terms of the stuff they offer, this thing with the seats is nice.﻿ Actually I would drive a Skoda, a VW is comparable but in the Americas you can´t get a small VW that is made in Germany, only the brazilian crap, which definitely sucks.
I think you have better test it before commenting. Skoda is one of the oldest car companies in europe, part of vw group, made﻿ in Czech Republic , a very modern industrilized prosperous central european country , I dont know where you re from.
No, try quick, multi-award winning quality car. Nothing underpowered about it.Coming from America, you obviously haven't been in﻿ one, therefore your comment is pointless prejudiced crap.Oh, and theres an 'r' in easteRn.
I'm getting the 4x4 red color this week. The test drive was really good, and this red color makes it look tough and sporty. For its price, this is﻿ the cheapest & most practical SUV for anyone's needs.
skoda yeti>range rover evoque﻿
Depends which engine you go for, like any car. Not that you'd by this car﻿ for its performance.....
First, I'm not an eastern european spongebob, I'm from Germany and I don't think this is in the east of﻿ europe. How do you define "underpowered"? If you want go fast, you won't buy such a car. And for its price, it has a great quality, part of the VWAG. If I would "need" a SUV, I would buy the Yeti rather than a Volkswagen, simply because its much cheaper, and I like this kind of "understatement", driving a eastern european car, that is built as good as a volkswagen, in some parts even better
I have﻿ a red 4x4 one...its great!
Awesome-car!﻿
This﻿ car looks very nice in red, I think its the best color for the Yeti :D
Cool vehicle. It's like a poor﻿ man's LR.
Skoda vehicles are not available in North American countries because they havent passed the Ambiental test to be sold. They arent also available in some latin american countries like Ecuador, Peru and Argentina. But they still great cars and very very safety for lateral crashes. 10/10﻿ my opinion.
i like﻿ all skoda
Fantastic car and yet another great review from this bloke, his reviews are the best.﻿
What﻿ a car, I just need a family now to fill it out.
Im an owner of this turbo﻿ car.Hey guys its a good thought to buy the yeti,you wont regret it.About you ruruxbery suck my yeti asshole
It would be great in the winter!﻿
I just ordered the Focus Titanium sedan, these cars ride really nice. I didn't care for the black rims on the model he drove, but I live in Michigan. In the winter no matter﻿ what color your rims are they all turn black because of snow and salt. So they just remind me of dirty rims. But I do highly recommend this car to any perspective buyer. Also get the Sony audio with myford touch because its a cool system and no button clutter.
Just purchased a 2012 Focus SE with sport package, powershift auto trans, 203a package, the exact same car in the video but painted white and i went with the 16" wheels so no blowouts from the occasional pothole in the freeway. Paid $21,600﻿ USD. The console is only hard to navigate if you're artarded, Very solid performance, cockpit feels great, test drive one and you'll fall in love.
Well the Elantra would be more of a family car, and it has a lot more room. Friend of mine got the titanium package Focus﻿ and the Mytouch is crap. I think the Ford is more exciting, but I'd rather make the more practical choice.
i pretty much agree with everything you said including the "Mytouch is crap" :) that's why i opted to NOT get the mytouch. It'll probably work fine when microsoft releases a patch for it to fix all it's glitchyness. That being said the focus still has superior technology inside it, epas power steering, stiffer chassis, DI fuel injection, higher HP/Torque. True the elantra has slightly more room inside, less﻿ than 1 inch for any given comfort measurement
We will get the ST. It's HOT! ﻿
@LimitlessPoppy: Last a life time?? Are you serious?? Cars are way more reliable﻿ now than they were back in the day. I guess you just completely ignore the facts about manufacturing cost, gas mileage, and reliability. Because cars back in the day were not as reliable as they are today, plus their fuel economy has gotten much better.
@LimitlessPoppy: lol I will, And I will continue get better gas mileage vs. foreign cars.﻿ Other than the new Toyota Camry, american cars are starting get better gas mileage than foreign cars in their same HP class. :) Another example. A 505 HP Corvette Z06 comes with a 5 year/ 100,000mile power train warranty. No other high performance production car comes with a warranty thats bigger than that. And there is a reason for that. :)
Actual if you ask anyone that owned a car new in the 60's and 70's had﻿ them in their garage constantly. They needed attention and adjustment all the time, new cars are much more reliable especially considering how much more their is to go wrong. The only thing on old cars that was maybe heftier than the new ones were engine blocks and some auto trannys
I used to HATE American cars but﻿ just purchased a blue hatchback Focus. It is INCREDIBLE! It handles better than cars costing $10k more than it does and the fit and finish KILLS other cars in this class. You MUST get the manual transmission though. The automatic is shift happy for fuel economy and sucks. The manual is incredible and one of the best clutch feels in any car I've ever driven. Forget Sync and the extras. Go base model manual transmission but WITH sports package!
The new Focus is not at all shitty. I test drove every car in that class and had owned only VW's and Hondas in the past and this new Focus is the greatest car I've ever owned. Fit and finish, handling, braking, steering feel, interior quality, styling and even the engine note and power are BRILLIANT. This Focus could not possibly be more different than the previous Focus. This one was designed in Germany I believe and﻿ you can tell. Still built in the USA though which I like.
i really want one of these, i like the mazda 3 as well for hatchback but i'd consider either of them. then again mazda and ford have many similar vehicles because ford used to/still owns mazda. but honestly, i would never consider the cruze over﻿ this because its very slow, and also this car has so much nice stuff in it that its not even funny.
I agree completely. I wont be in the market for a new car till about the 2014 model year, but if I were now...I would def get the Focus. Actually I am leaning more towards the Focus﻿ ST. And by the time I am ready to buy...they will have made upgrades to the existing awesomeness that is the ST
yeah the st look amazing. I Really enjoy the new focus's interior and design, i also really like how i can get the exact SEL hatchback i want for under 19 grand, it may be a﻿ little more pricey than the chevy cruze or toyota corolla, but sorry the cruze and corolla are underpowered, even though i had a corolla for 8 years i still would definately choose the focus.
I have a 2012 Focus Sedan, it's awesome,﻿ highly recommended!
C'mon, Ford﻿ Sales Thailand, out from the grave!!!
Those who are vertically challenged? I take offense to that, but thank you for considering the shorties in the world. I'm 4' 10" and have a hell of a time with some cars lol. I love my 2005 focus and until it fails me I'm keeping it, but this one is definitely gonna﻿ be the replacement unless I get my aunts Mini Cooper ;)
Now im a fan of the Focus Hatchback since the new look from 05 but its not such a great interior material quality,its the same old plastic and an 21k car with no automatic dual climate﻿ control ? Serious? And the so called Torque Vectoring Controls ... WOOOOOOW , you discovered the warm water :) That think of braking the inner or accelerating the outher wheel its anthic :) It first appears on tanks in 1940 :) and an older technology called limited slip diff does the same thing so whats the wow?:)
For any extra 200 CCM u pay 89$.Now explain it to me how the hell u pay for it when 620$ is a fat paycheck?How?All Europe genrally﻿ need a 6-7-8L/100 km and so u don't struggle your brain,thats no less then 30mpg but if possible more then 40.Try that on any modern american car then cry.Thats why only successfull company in Europe its Ford,Opel and other ordinary car maker.So here proper engine is max 2L.If you a burnout fan,money burning car stand is a bit further.
Ford is nothing if not resilient. They manage to build cars that are terribly difficult to work on and that will need worked on, and yet keep drawing new buyers and repeat buyers with their ability stylize their new vehicles. I suppose﻿ for the person who likes to drive a new car every couple of years, Ford has done a good job at managing that market and it's a fairly large one at that.
This car is awesome! Just pure awesomeness! Will be the best choise in the class without any doubt. Happy for everyone who bought it, they really﻿ got the piont.
I have to say, American car﻿ companies are really gettting their act together when it comes to small, compact cars. A long way since the 80's and 90's haha
I don't know what previous Focus you guys got﻿ in the US but here in Europe the previous Focus was awesome !
best car i ever bought,had 11 fords and 7 of them were bought new ,this is by far the﻿ best design of the lst 3 focus'es i had before
the only thing shitty about the new focus is the price. then again, that﻿ should be expected from what is basically a German car.
great car, for everyday driving﻿
I love the new Focus, it's a great car. I get well over 30mpg with smart driving with the 5-speed manual (Exact same spec as the test car in this video, except Red Candy instead of Race Red), and really good power and acceleration when needed. I know other owners with the manual who are able to get it﻿ to 40mpg on highway cruising too, without even using Cruise. My complaints? No exhaust tip, and the cargo cover comes off sometimes. All negligible nitpicks. It's absolutely a wonderful car!
If you don't like the focus don't watch the video. I'm a﻿ beginner driver about to get my liscense and the focus was a good choice so far
The chevy sonic is an ugly bug eyes piece of shit...FORD IS﻿ THE BEST AT ANYTHING
I liked this car a lot when I tested it. The only downside for me was the clutch pedal feel. Also a 5 speed manual is starting to seem outdated even in the C-segment. I ultimately chose﻿ the 2012 Golf TDI 6M as it was nicest overall, but at GTI money quite expensive.
Taking them on? Well, GM & Ford are the top two sellers﻿ in the world, sometimes Toyota gets in there tho
I rented this car in San﻿ Fran. The manual mode is awesome - shifts like a VW DSG.
Im gonna buy this car next week they get great gas milage﻿
Focus is the best selling car in 2012. 500,000 in the first 6 months.﻿
The focus has always been awesome﻿ here, just underrated
Idk. It﻿ looks weird. It bothers me. Interior looks good. But the car looks just weird.
Best selling car in﻿ the world!
I have this car and im only 20 ! all I can say its has that﻿ pussy magnet. Arent I right Borat ?
I think its damn sexy for a ford﻿ 4-door.
I love this car﻿ <3
my motorcycle dream!!!!!!!!﻿
The REAL ORIGINAL classic styling came first on the Indian, and not from the Harley. I just got my facts straight from Discovery﻿ Channel. Indian bikes are legendary.
Indian is the original American Bike. Harley is just a﻿ tag along
I have﻿ a 02 Indian Spirit and I love it.
To those who have chimed in and dogged the Gilroy Indian's, I own a 2000 Chief. Ridden it for years. I LOVE IT. Now,﻿ when I hear "This Indian is just a copy of a Harley"... well, Harley copied the Indian first! Do your history. I think it is brilliant for a company that made the FIRST american motorcycle, had their designs ripped off and lost their sales... to come back and build a bike likes these after someone else iron out the kinks. After all, this is America. This is how we roll lol.
Indian Motorcycle looks and performs nothing like a Harley Davidson!! Just ride an Indian and you will find out. Indian was the first Motorcycle and the company was incorporated in 1901, harley came on the scene after copying﻿ the Indian Motorcycle in 1904. Read your history. I own a 2009 Indian Chief Roadmaster.
Indian Motorcycle looks and performs nothing like a Harley Davidson!! Just ride an Indian and you will find out. Indian was the first Motorcycle and the company was incorporated in 1901, harley came on the scene after﻿ copying the Indian Motorcycle in 1904. Read your history. I own a 2009 Indian Chief Roadmaster. Indian uses a proprietary 105 CI Power Plus Engine. No SS engines are used!!
Indian has never claimed to be a "bad ass" motorcycle company. The design is to honor the classic "Indian" design. Get over the Harley comparisons and get over the price tag. If you want one buy one, if you don't like them dont buy one. I have a 2000 Chief and it﻿ gives me exactly what I want, a cruiser with classic lines and and a great ride. Put them down all you want but let me tell you, when you pull into a gas station, 7 11, or just ride one down the street, 99% of the people appreciate it.
What a wonderful﻿ sound.
finally, a ferrari with more power than a 50k shelby mustang. that thing﻿ puts ferrari back on top in my book, but i really think they could have eeked out another 10th on that lap time. the options turn me off though. $1500 for badges is bullshit. electric seats should not cost almost $4k
no way, not﻿ fair! the best car on earth.... i'm super jealous... nice intro, still crappy music for the intro, great, great review.... about 1/10th as good as the top gear review by jeremy clarkson but at 1/1000th the cost that makes it 100 times more effective ;) clarkson didn't mention the mag-shocks! point for matt! 2 votes thumbs down? who the hell? why? thumbs up, definitely .... this is the BEST SHOW YET and I totally want this car... totally! i'll never own it, too much cash!
The sound of it is so....﻿ omg
I'm not in love with the front air dam, everything else is stellar.﻿
never knew that the 458 was that close﻿ to enzo's numbers... man thats too sick!!! The exhaust is amazing
That car just sounds﻿ nasty... when I win the lotto (which i never play) I will put myself on a wait list cause I'm sure there is one.
God, that... that sound. It's like nothing﻿ else in the world.
Great review, It shows that you enjoyed yourself and that the car truly is spectacular. One bit that annoyed me though, why slam the trunk at the beginning? This is one of few halo cars that people strive to have﻿ resting behind their hands. It wouldn't have bothered me if you are reviewing a focus. Anyhow, no big deal. Great job, thanks!
Good﻿ video Matt,I like it. That 458 is impressive but I still love the looks of the 360 and with modifications I'm sure you could get those times.
now﻿ thats a truly amazing car good job Ferrari.
probably the fastest ferrari ever made? get real﻿
When you say "430 to 458 is the largest HP increase in Ferrari history." It sounds a bit misleading. Sounds like you are talking about horsepower when you are talking about model #. I know you know the actual horsepower numbers, but maybe﻿ could have mentioned them. 458 stands for 4.5 liter v-8, not 458 hp (once again, I'm sure you know this; however, some ppl do not). SWEET REVIEW. Cheers all around. That car is epic.
looks like rob is doing good for himself got the 458﻿ already awesome!
this car is awesome how did u manage to get the keys? isnt the scuderia﻿ faster than the enzo on fiarono or however it's spelled?
Good point about the radio. With﻿ that sweet music from the engine, who cares about listening to tunes. I wonder if I can rent one on my next visit to Vegas.
The only thing I don't like about that car that Clarkson pointed﻿ out on Top Gear was the Nav and the Spedometer share the same screen, so you can't have both showing at the same time, but otherwise . . . if I won the lottery:P I'd buy one.
i din't like the looks of this car﻿ at first but i think i just fell in love
I would have said that about the 430, but definitely not the 458. It sounds great. As for carbon seats, I think they are only an option on European﻿ models (air bags and all for US cars). Either way, haven't tried them.
Maybe a nice ass ferrari, but ferrari needs to learn some quality control!! They must not﻿ care about their cars when they easily overheat & burn to a crisp. Five have been destroyed already by fire, it's sad!!
How does this compare to the 599GTB? In Ferrari money it's not all that much more expansive than this. I've never driven a 599 or the 428, just the F355 that was at a car show. It sounds like it's a great daily driver, but﻿ if he had the option between a 599GTB or a 458 Italia without price being a factor, which would would you choose?
Wow, I havent been in a Ferrari since the 355 (when I was a valet.) This﻿ thing looks dead sexy inside and out.
Me likey. Best looking Ferrari to come along in years, IMHO. Best Ferrari to come along in years in just about every other way too, methinks. This coming from a diehard Porsche fanatic. The 458 is one of the few sports cars -﻿ along with the Noble M600 - that I would genuinely want to own outside of a Porsche.
458..........﻿ lucky bastard
after driving this, the 430 is completely obsolete.﻿
holy crap thats a amzaing car, seen bunch of videos﻿ and can't get enough i just wanna make love to that car
how do you even compare this to the GT-R. This car's got the essence of a true race car. MR layout with a high revving high displacement/power ratio engine. And its lightweight.﻿
sexy sexy﻿ sexy sexy sexy car
i﻿ like the car but thats it , lol
it seems like a great fast car and all but something that Ferrari never actually focuses a part of their engineering on is safety. if your going the speed it was﻿ designed for and you just slip up on a turn, that car's gone, let alone you. i dont even think they do a crash test... theres not a single video of any tests done on it and yet theres so many videos of them crashed horribly. plus most of the Ferrari's on salvage auction websites, the car is totaled and the interior didnt hold up.
he didn't, haha. great review none-the-less,﻿ as well as an amazing machine.
Great﻿ vid Gotham dream cars is the best!
of course Ferrari does crash tests. They are incredibly safe cars, (fires aside). Only people who﻿ are going very, very fast die in Ferrari's, and they would have died in any other car at that speed anyway. The interior isn't meant to hold up, it comes completely apart when the 8 airbags deploy. Neither is the car, as it's designed to crumple and save the lives of the passengers inside.
How the hell did you guys get your hands on one? Oh well﻿ congrats awesome car
That car sounds like a freakin' dinosaur. So beautiful. I've never really had Ferrari's in﻿ my list of dream cars, besides the F40, but damn...this thing shoots up the list, possibly to number one.
i dont know which review is better, jeremy clarkson's or farah's...anyways the conclusion﻿ is in concurrence: this car is unbelievable
Excellent review﻿ of a gorgeous and obviously amazing machine - informative yet never hard work to watch, and entertaining without being try-hard. Good job, Matt.
This review was ALRIGHT at best. We all know that this car is amazing, but there has to be some negatives. First of, Im not hating on TST, you guys have the best jobs in the world. Top gear complained about the turn buttons and the nav being in the same screen as﻿ the as the speedo. We, as car lovers, would also want to know the "cons" of the cars, even if the car is absolutely breathtaking.
well, Top Gear was wrong﻿ about the screen/speedo thing. If you have the nav on, the speed moves to the other side screen. The blinkers on the wheel definitely take some getting used to, but it's not that big a deal either. The major cons of the car are simply price, ridiculous maintenance costs, limited storage space, and the very high odds of the car catching on fire. The radio is in there somewhere but I couldn't find it. Other than that, pretty damn good.
I've always wonderd.. other than speed .. is there any big difference from building up a car than driving a ferrari? is there some crazy feel to the steering and pedals.. that just makes it worth the crazy price.. or is it just﻿ some stupid fast car with nice handeling? they are gorgeous cars.. but so damn expensive, is it worth it? or maybe just build your own beast for a quarter of the price
if you care about a car being able to put down numbers, then you can probably build a race car yourself for much less money that will run good numbers. Ferrari's have a very "complete" feel to them, from the power delivery, transmission,﻿ steering feel, suspension and balance. Combine that with exotic materials, exclusivity, rarity, and styling, and you really can't replicate all that. Plus, girls won't give a shit about your home built race car, but they will love your Ferrari.
nice review matt, it's a great car, it's an even better driver's car, but i can't like the 458, just can't. it doesn't look good and sound enough. look like an ugly mid-engine space ship with wheels. those front and back﻿ lights for god sake, bonkers but not prety.it's doesn´t sound half as good as the stock 360 modena not mentioning the 360 CS or the scuderia. another disappointment it's not offer a manual why?? , for fuel saving, for the noob rich pleople who can't drive??
You can't understand why they don't offer a manual in that car until you actually drive it. I can't properly explain it, especially since I personally prefer stick, but the system works so well I just can't﻿ hate on it.
You are kidding right? Do you know how fast that transmission shifts? Rowing gears is part of a﻿ bygone era. You'll never afford a car like this so there is no explaining it to you, but trust me when I tell you. The stick isnt missed at all.
Great car.. The thing about the preload brake pads is not new and invented på Farrari.﻿ BMW has used the technic one their models for 5 years.. Maybe they invented it. :-)
What﻿ a nice sound
have you actually driven a 458? You would probably be the first person on earth to call﻿ the car a disappointment if you actually drove it.
I am pleased to know that high-end companies like Ferrari are thinking about the average needs of motorists. After all, when have you ever seen a Lamborghini that﻿ can transport fugitives? Good mark for Ferrari.
I'm totally new to your show and have been watching a few episodes now and I really like them! I think you talk about relevant stuff like feeling and passion for the cars, sure figures are relevant also but what you feel when you drive a car is the most important issue for me. Btw, the 458 is my﻿ dream car now, if I ever win big amonts of money...!! Keep up the good work!
You﻿ know, I generally prefer stick shift in cars, and in the 430 and 360 I would have said 100% yes, give me a stick. However, fewer than 2% of Ferrari's cars were sold with a stick last year, so you can't blame Ferrari for dropping the option. And the Dual-Clutch box in the 458 really feels very well matched to the car. It's easy for people to call blasphemy because there's no stick, but when I drove it, I didn't care. It rocked.
lol, makes﻿ sense. But either way Id love to have your job and drive nice cars like that
what a﻿ car!
the sounds it makes on﻿ the over run gives me a stiffie!
now thats a car﻿
I believe the jump from the 360 Modena to the F430 was bigger (400hp to 490->90hp) than to the 458 Italia (570hp->80hp). But nonetheless, it's a great﻿ engine! Thanks for the video. Loved it!
458 italia kicks ass. simple as that, smoking tire-you guys mkae great reviews. keep it up!﻿
458 italia kicks﻿ ass. simple as that, smoking tire-you guys make great reviews. keep it up!
man ur a dumbass. i was not comparing a camaro to a ferrari. the man asked what a good car to modify would be. matt said that modifying is nearly pointless. so i gave my 2 cents on a car to modify. thats all. in no way could a regular camaro be as good as this ferrari. but on a track my modified camaro has taken more﻿ than just ferraris. please take your pathetic and rude comments somewhere else. id give you the reward for most careless comment ive ever seen.
Oh but you were. " A modded camaro has all the goods this ferrari has and more" lol Your camaro may be fast but at the end of the day it's just a camaro. Made on an assembly line﻿ with 2nd rate materials. A ferrari on the other hand is hand made with only the finest materials and highest craftsmanship in the world which you can see and feel. From a pure driving experience, it's not even close. Ask Matt, he'll tell you. Please don't compare a Camaro to a Ferrari OK?
What﻿ a sound!
You should see how they﻿ build these cars. They are like mad scientists. It's incredible how light the material is.
every time they mic the exhaust, i﻿ came a little...
no﻿ ferrari driver listens to a radio.....engine sound is music to ears...
great review and great﻿ car!! The 458 is definitely one of my favorite supercars!
hey gentle man!! that car is god like how dare u treat it﻿ like this
The engine sounds just﻿ orgasmic
As AWESOME as the 430 Scuderia is, this car eats it for brunch! ﻿
The﻿ car is owned by Noah at Gotham Dream Cars, it even has a yellow sticker on the front windshield :) Great crew, great cars!
Those lightening sequential shifts are nice, but I would still﻿ prefer the gated stick shift... I've always wanted to drive one of those. Then again, I suppose you can never shift as fast as a computer. I feel like the clutch pedal is going to be a thing of the past pretty soon, sadly. You should have noted the funky turn signals on it, aren't they buttons on the steering wheel?
Ive had the privilege of driving this car from Ferrari/Maserati Quebec and all I have to say is, I found myself contemplating the consequences of not returning back to dealer. It was that good. Noise? Perfect. Power? Unbelievable. Beauty? Like a goddess. Ive never turned so many﻿ heads before. It's almost embarrassing until you remember what your driving! I have ONE complaint about this car. The turn signals. They're on the steering wheel and its very annoying in city driving. Amazing car.
"Money can't buy happiness, but I'd rather cry in a Ferrari". Words of wisdom.﻿
dont get me wrong ferarris are great.﻿ beautiful, fast, sound amazing you get the picture. but who the hell can afford it? ... seriously?!?! a working man can buy a nice vette or BMW or merc but who is making ferarri money and please tell me where I can meet their daughters!
Michael Schumacher had a BIG part in developing this car...it shows! Great car﻿
Forget﻿ the I-pod-- just listen to the engine!
sweet car... but so damn﻿ expensive...
the brake preloading thing is not an invention.﻿ it just a good idea.
One of the best-looking Ferrari's since the﻿ 308... I LOVE it! You'd think Enzo himself designed it so many years ago, to be unveiled now! Too bad the Ferrari FF looks horrible..
Nice car,﻿ but I just love the Ferrari Fxx.
that car﻿ sounds awesome
As far as engineering goes I'd rather have the Ferrari. My brother said the R8 is great﻿ but feels a little tame unless you throw it around so I'm sure the Ferrari is a more visceral experience. But I'm not a fan of those flappy paddle F1 style transmissions. They're fast but I like to row through gears and I think this car is pretty ugly when you compare it to the beautiful F430. And with the Audi being way cheaper and better looking I'd probably go with it. But a Scuderia over both!
None of what you say make sense!!! Even a child can see the 458 Italia is way better looking than the F430! And I saw the the Audi R8 V10 at the Detroit Auto Show, and thought it was extremely beautiful. But the 458 still looks better. And in every car comparison test that has been done with these cars, the reviewers always say the 458 Italia looks best. The only sports car that i can think of that probably looks as good, or perhaps﻿ better than the 458 is the Alfa Romeo 8C.
Cont'd. But then again, you are entitled to your opinion. And I would agree with you in going with the R8. I think it is the better car as a daily driver, and does﻿ not cost nearly as much to service as does the Ferrari. But, in my opinion, it is a very beautiful car that is still not as beautiful as the Ferrari 458 Italia.
Good God....that exhaust is....just wow...GREATEST﻿ EVER!!!!
@Gabriel34534 Yeah, but the GTR cannot stir your soul like a Ferrari! ﻿ Not even close.
"while i was trying to make a left turn. it had WHOAH THAT'S A SQUIRREL!" hahah that was really funny xD awesome car and nice review! I'm so jealous of the people in my neighborhood, i see a lot of really awesome exotics here and i some guy just bought this same car last week. I see him﻿ drive it down my street occasionally
I've always enjoyed driving or riding anything that requires﻿ a helmet. This is certainly an exceptional piece of engineering, but I think I'd rather rent or buy a new generation Ariel Atom. Or a Lotus 2/11 even though it's not as fast. Or any home built track car.
@madjh8 funny part is the ferrari is only a v8﻿ and is great and lambos car will get beat when the enzo replacment comes out
Love the 458 <3﻿
Who need a radio with that engine?﻿ Its the best soundtrack on earth! thats just awesome
Hmm﻿ gotham dream cars......Rob let you take it out? Nice!
the sound﻿ of that car ö beautiful ..
Good things come little by little , so is great when they come by a lot like in this car and the prices are huge , but for this car offers are﻿ really small .
God that﻿ car sounds great
Beautiful car﻿
From 0 to Boner in 2.1﻿ Seconds
Well i'm not so sure about that !! Of course the aventador has much more power but i'm talking about fun. I'm pretty sure that you can get much more fun with the ferrari ones. I haven't tried yet but i think a test is required ! And btw the 458 Italia is﻿ also a nuclear bomb with wheels =) hahaha
I know this car as Mirage/Dino in Transformers: Dark Of The Moon, and I must﻿ say, it is quite badass!
The 458's sound is﻿ totally orgasmic!
This car is sooo bonerville.﻿
The sound! jezus! And it shifts﻿ so freaking fast!
theyre pretty even but actually 458﻿ is a little quicker
That is the sexiest﻿ Ferrari ever.
such a﻿ beautiful car
im sorry but you cant compare a datsun to a ferrari...its fast and cheap but its not even a true drivers car...people who buy ferraris arent because they wanna save﻿ money and be faster than the next guy, they buy it for the experience, and a lot will tell you the experience is priceless..
No way an sls beats a﻿ 458! Slower to sixty and can't touch the top speed. Rides like a truck and the doors are just dumb.
The doors are an homage to the old gullwing. They are NOT dumb. I do﻿ prefer the 458 as well, though.
new favorite card in the world﻿ period.
This is the best engine sound﻿ ever!!! 0:46
I saw one of these on the road﻿ today. It was awesome.
As I've never seen or heard this car in real life, I had﻿ never liked the sound this car makes until I watched this video just now.
This is﻿ my dream car right here. Not a car in the world I would take over this!
I once commented on this car for it's lack﻿ of Audio. Someone responded that you do not need a radio when you have that awesome engine sound. I don't know about you but I tired of listening to the same tunes over and over.
0:46 - 0:56 actually raises the hair on the back of my﻿ neck..i love that car
the radio is on the right hand side were the speedometer is at, you got to turn it on through the menu the c.d player is in the dash bored. im ony﻿ 14 and figured that out, <3 ferrari 458!
best﻿ fucking ferrari of our generation
Anyone who even thinks about having a radio in a Ferrari does not deserve one... all you need to hear is the beautiful symphony of the engine ﻿
It has a stereo,﻿ but If I had﻿ one of these it wouldn't ever be used even once. Anyone who buys a car like this to listen to any music other than the music coming from the engine is an idiot!
wow ferrari is amazing...it gives me passion to buy a car like that... O.O﻿
beautiful car but for $246,000 its over priced a Dodge Viper is﻿ $97,000 and is quiet a bit faster around a track and in a strait line
spend 5 seconds sitting in a Viper and then 5 seconds sitting in a Ferrari 458 and you﻿ will immediately know the difference. Though I imagine, by your screen name, that I will never convince you a Viper isn't the best car ever.
This is my dream car﻿
But at the same time coming from a Vette guy like you, Matt, that's not surprising to hear either. The interior may not be up to par but﻿ the performance is all there and the ACR smokes every Vette on the Nurburgring. (Along with every Ferrari and Lamborghini)
I'll stick with my GT-R, Ferrari cars﻿ are nice but too damn expensive.
viper's are nice , but there's nothing like﻿ a 458 and it's beauty,sound and of course looks.
so you are saying that if someone offered you a Ferrari﻿ 458 or a Dodge Viper for free to YOUR election, you would choose the Viper?? because if you do, you have some serious mental problems!!!
dude first the ferrari has other things like handling thats﻿ much surpasses the viper and other is because of its heritage i would rather drive a ferrai than a dodge
wow... love﻿ this car... dear santa
Stop being too hard on the guy...as much as I love Ferraris as the next guy, I have great respect for the guy than drive the viper very﻿ fast...keep in mind, the ferrari has ALOT of tech aids that can make driving VERY easy, the viper has none of those,everything depends on how well the driver can drive the car...in my book, i would rather have awesome driving skills over a ferrari any day..
"Ferrari is more﻿ likely to get stolen than a Viper" Sad excuse for buying a cheap junk Viper. "new﻿ 2013 SRT Viper is a way better car" Aham... and I'm the tooth fairy. Americans have no idea what a super car is or how to build one. The only thing they know is how to put a 1000hp engine that eats up 1l/km into bulky old pieces of junk and they think there's no better then that. The fealing you get in a european sports cars lays the american auto mobile industry to waste. lol
People on here bitch about the﻿ dumbest things. If you don't like the car, don't buy it. If you like the Viper more, get one and enjoy it. Who cares which one you think is best. They're all great cars. You can like them all without picking a side. If you don't own or can afford any of these great cars, then sit down and be quiet!
you sir are an idiot,Viper's can go around a track faster than a 458'well the ACR can, you would take a 458 over a Viper because you have little driving skill,people that drive 4th Gen Viper's are always looked at by people that know cars,and they will say"that﻿ guys got skill driving that thing"they look at a 458 and just say"cool"real American car guys dont want a computer controlled car they want themselves driving it
IF you can't appreciate a 458 there's something wrong with your brain, and I say that as a motorcyclist who believe me appreciates involvement and engagement﻿
clearly you did not see﻿ that i said"its beautiful car but its over priced"
doge vipers are just a big heavy hunk of metal. this ferrari is... well,﻿ A FERRARI !!!
i﻿ would give both my testicles for that beuty
I only﻿ mention the brakes working in a similar fashion because Matt was apparently told that Ferrari "invented" that technology. FWIW, I don't think ANY BMW can stand toe to toe with a Ferrari. The 458 is disgustingly badass in every way (except the dash layout, which is sort of ugly).
F40 ! F50 ! ENZO ! 458 ITALIA !﻿ 599 GTO !
Thank you﻿ so much. I love Ferrari, espescialy F458 n 458 spider
When it comes to a price tag, most of the time it is all about Numbers. I was giving a comparison to show the people who can't﻿ afford this which is like 95% of the population of the world. I even stated that i love this car, and now i will add that if i had the money i would buy it rather than the bike.
this is an awesome awesome car but i just hate that steering wheel!! imo thats﻿ literally the only flaw
I would love too, and a Bugatti and﻿ a McLaren F1 and some Lamorghinis... but I'm pretty confident that's not gonna happen. :(
i love 458 it ! but the best is the﻿ ENZO .
Not﻿ bad, but not as sexy as Testarossa
The most beautiful car out﻿ there right now.
Honestly, this car is absolutely﻿ gorgeous. Mr Enzo can be proud. I just love this car, cool video.
HOLY SHIT!!!!!! 12 mpg city 18 hwy!?!?!?! Sure having a Ferrari would be a great bragging right, and it has immense speeds. But that mileage﻿ for that price is ridiculous!!!! Especially if this thing doesn't have a radio!
18 mpg? thats better than my﻿ minivan
Nice car, obese human. Lose some﻿ weight bro.
I almost cried when I﻿ saw that car. So beautiful. What does this mean?
This is﻿ my dream car!
I'm not a car enthusiast, but I love the sound of this car. I prefer the way she looks in black, but red works. I think I'd have﻿ a coronary driving around a car with a sticker price like that; hence I'll stick with bikes.
Fuck the Radio ahah the sound of the car is music to my ears﻿ ahah
The wail from the engine is even "OH...MY...GOD" -spine-tingling through my crappy cellphone speaker(s)! I like it -dare I say- more than the noise from most of the modern Ferrari V12's these days. The reviewer gets on my nerves almost immediately and I doubt he has any real driving skill, but I must﻿ have this car at some point in my life.
I own﻿ one...best car
LOL. Was thinking same thing. Supposed to close it gently and then push it down﻿ firmly till it clicks. This is not American muscle. It's Italian finesse.
its Italian engineering, which, for cars, is probably the best in the world, it'll﻿ be fine
the video and this amazing ferrari was ruined by this fat american test driver. No elegance,﻿ no class, go to drive bus and camions, not an elegant super car like this italian
AMERICA'S﻿ FINEST MOTORCYLE - INDIAN
Fantastic! This video is Great! I am fan for the﻿ Indian Motorcycle, Finest Handmade !
i﻿ love indians
if this doen not bring a tear to your eye as a bike fan nothing will, just brilliant to SEEEEE!!!!i﻿ want 1!!
Awesome video!!﻿ I love those old Indian bikes.
I rode a scout in liverpool England in 1968 it was on a scrap heap, me and my brother got it for 50 pounds, it started first kick after god knows how long, we cleaned it up and the raced it on the sand for years before selling her﻿ of for a good profit , yeah love Indians , thanks.
Started with the first kick after God knows how long... We don't﻿ hear that anymore with the newer bikes, Do we?
INDIAN - America's finest and first motorcycle﻿
omg i love bugattis﻿
Kawasaki forever!﻿
also was motortrends COTY﻿
What a machine. Hopefully they will get more power, along the lines of having a supercharged Sport or Full-Size. There are always we who enjoy having﻿ the superpowered Landies. God, I love mine.
Looks﻿ great, but unpractical
i think this is the most beautiful car of her class,love it.But the coupe tipe it's a little bit difficult to handle because in some cases the driver have to get out of the car﻿
i like the car but its too slow ,if they made it a﻿ v8 ,it will be a Different Story.
a yes the only concern I have when buying a new car how many cup holders are there? and whats the movement like on the sun visor!! too picky lads. great car﻿ but a bloke could never get one he'd be an automatic ponce!
i﻿ love this car
I love it, hottest car on the﻿ road
Looks amazing, but it's pricey for a small SUV! Friendly advice: Your wife would probably trade you for one of these, so if you can afford it, buy﻿ one for her ASAP. This way you'll save you marriage, keep the girl and drive the car in the weekends. Good strategy, Land Rover!
one of the best looking 4x4 i have﻿ ever seen
Nope. I've driven Land Rovers/Range Rovers since 2001 nearly everyday, and I can tell you this vehicle is awesome. Especially cool to have while we wait for the next Range Rover. ﻿ I can see how this thing isn't for everyone though. Come to think of it, that's probably why I like the marque.
It's way too expensive for this class. Sure it looks nice and﻿ everything but I'd rather buy an M class or an X5 or a Q7
cheap﻿ price!
Very nice car but not balanced enough to be mass purchased in Europe.﻿ It will lose to its German rivals because of that.
this﻿ is far better than its rivals
this car is﻿ so SEXY!!
range rover is best car 4x4 I liked﻿
I love this car. It looks soo badass. Even better in person.﻿
It was also Motor trends suv of﻿ the year...
When mercedes and bmw and audi bring their new small coupe like 4x4's out, this car﻿ will be unimportant (x2, new glk or blk, q1 / q2). The engines and build quality will be much better, and they will be cheaper too, or the same price but with a much higher spec, with some models touching about 60mpg - real economy. And the residuals will be higher. Still great looking car! But too expensive﻿ and bad economy / quite slow.
I'm really starting to like this car. Great﻿ review!
<3 this﻿ car
I love this car!﻿
its not﻿ ugly crazy, that is just your opinion.
i'm so crazy watching this﻿ car.. i want this car badly..!!!
my﻿ older sister got one is is so awesome!!!
if it had the engine of the 2009 range rover the V8 supercharged almost like 400 BHP tht would have been nice﻿ the front of the car looks nice but the rear doesn't
my little brother had one I like it but not like my M5 BMW 2012 ;) ﻿
It's a credible alternative to 'ze' Germans!﻿
I﻿ just don't think a BMW 3 series customer is the same as a Volvo S60 customer, so the S60 not being as sporting is an invalid point in my opinion.
decent car. Good competition for the fucking﻿ germans.
The S60 is﻿ a great looking car, sort of, I-WANT-THAT-CAR thing! Swedish Pride!
Seriously, how often does a pedestrian﻿ just magically appear in front of your car? It's a nice feature, but doesn't seem....practical.
If you've got the money sure!! It's a good way to stand out and and in terms of driving proformance it goes 1)BMW 3 Series, 2)Volvo S60, and a close 3)﻿ Audi A4, and lastly 4)Mercedes C-Class. I've driven them and it's really good.
this new s60 is very impressive. seems to be a massive improvement over the old one. although i can appreciate Volvo's emphasis on active safety features, i wish they would divert some more of that effort into enhancing the sporty character of the car. the s60 seems to have great﻿ potential. maybe when the R version comes out....? also, i think the guy who's doing the review is pretty darn hot.
This car is really amazing.﻿ Here you can find an S60 Unlimited Naughty competition video: youtube.com/watch?v=2ZHIpb8e2gA
I would really prefer the volvo from that Japanese SHITS that call themselves as "premium" They are designed with a ruler and a pencil, so style no reason for elements in design (everything in a﻿ Volvo is there for an specific reason) not just a little square or triangle where the designer in his very personal opinion likes it. The dashboard is completely perfect (I disagree with the reviewer in that point), I just hate the circles for the AC exits and the trunk if its not perfect its just OK
it`s silent, it`s good... naughty buy﻿ safe... Share the volvo S60 experience. look for Mihai Jitianu si Volvo S60
it`s silent, it`s good... naughty buy safe... Share the volvo S60 experience. look for Mihai Jitianu﻿ si Volvo S60
I﻿ admire volvo.
VOLVO FOR LIFE﻿
Haha good luck! I have a Volvo S80 V8... :D HAHAHA YOU MAN ARE FAIL, YOU KNOW THAT RIGHT? IN FACT YOU WILL DIE IF I HIT YOU WHIT MY VOLVO S80 V8 AND I WONT...YOU DON'T REMEMBER? VOLVO IS THE SAFEST CAR IN THE WORLD. lol﻿ I own you man, and your gay BMW! ...lol
and im sure that you didn't get the picture of safety comes first, well, you'll get that picture when you crash in your m3 and hopefully you'll live after that so you can﻿ buy a safe car....A VOLVO ;)
.....sWeeeDen :)﻿
Indeed a very﻿ good car. If you wanna see a real incident, search on youtube Valentin Ionut Panea or hit /watch?v=EAMfsppnET8
I really love this car. I cant wait to﻿ see the S40 redesign. I think this guy is a really great reviewer.
in quite safe cars like this your heart rate will be lower so you will﻿ live longer :)
in quite﻿ safe cars like this your heart rate will be lower so you will live longer :)
Volvos are much nicer than Mercs, they just need﻿ to work out the kinks.
s60 is a really nice car﻿ to drive so comfortable.
I like the s60 but I can´t understand why they made it so thin!!﻿ if they had made it wider it would have had more, and much needed space inside and it would have looked sportier from the outside. It looks a bit weird from bihind. like somebody put it in a vice or something!
everybody and their brother has a BMW in the U.S. I like the the fact that volvo is an unsung hero with a car﻿ that costs less and is just as fun to drive.
The exterior of this car looks awesome, better than the 3 series and the C class,﻿ those split in two headlights are great.
Damn﻿ this new S60 looks so good. it beats audi A4, BMW 3 series, and Mercedez C class, Acura TL, in my opinion
It really does, at least the BMW 3 series and the Audi A4. I drove all three cars before buying and for the price, safety﻿ and comfort I chose the S60.
the interior and exterior ( except the design of rear lamps ) ar very stylish......if I had enough money this car it﻿ would be one of the cars that I would buy it .......
DO LIKE FORD: BUY﻿ VOLVO!
someone could get drunk and drive safely in this﻿
cute﻿ car..cute guy
Ghetto people? They don't drive cars﻿ like this.. they drive those stupid Escalades.
Volvo amazing !!﻿
A Volvo not as desireable as a Mercedes when you care about image? The strong point of a Volvo is it's image! It suits everybody without giving you an image that you don't want. We all know what image a BMW gives you, and that isn't a very desireable image to me...Volvo is more about﻿ discrete style, BMW is about showing off style.
you really cant even compare them because they aren't even in the same﻿ price range. You spend 25k on a Volvo and 25k on a BMW or Mercedes which one do you think will be better? for 15k you can get a Volvo s60 r evolve that has 480 horsepower STOCK. pretty sure its gonna be VERY engaging to drive.
this car is my dream but i am﻿ from slovakia, where dreams stay dreams :(
I'm in the market for a new car (replacing a BMW 3 series) and I'm intrigued by this car. The relative comfort of the drivers' seat always struck me as extremely underrated. Let's be honest, here in the States' we spend a lot of time just going in a straight line on an interstate, or,﻿ unfortunately, just sitting in traffic.
Grill and headlights are stolen from new Mercedes E class so it must look good﻿
Another great review. Great looking car the inside looks beautiful. Only thing I don't like is the electronic handbrake. Drove hire﻿ car recently and couldn't get used to it but worst is trying to a hill start . I usually hold the car on the hand brake slighlty to set off. You can't do this on electronic as its either on or off -you role back. More & more cars are getting them & that's why people have taken to using their foot brake to blind you at the lights. Moan over - its still a great car!
I'm sure you are right. The hire car was a Vauxhall and didn't seem﻿ to have but didn't have for long. The interior of that Volvo looks amazing. By the way if they sack Clarkson, Mat should have his job!
Okay, I﻿ hate when people think that German cars are so amazing! I mean they are good (most of the time) but a few years ago bmw and audi were having serious quality problems and the fact that he said that this was a good alternative to German car pissed me off. Volvos are just as good if not better!. thumbs up if you agree!
Meh. I don't agree. Volvo is different than the German cars. IMO, it's cleaner and more svelt. Very "spartan," if you will. Personally, I prefer Volvo because of that. It's luxury is it's﻿ sveltiness, whilst the German autos' luxury is their luxury.
But, for me, Volvo's are the only﻿ way to go. Volvo for Life.
I can forgive the smaller﻿ trunk easily because it has a decent size and the car is very nice, sporty looking and its interior is superior to its rivals and theres very good engines
Volvo's have an understated elegance to them, in my opinion. Kind of like an Apple product. There's nothing particular exciting about either product, and that's the appeal (to me).﻿ Clean. Svelte.
Volve has﻿ been doing a great job with the styling of its new cars.
I think this car﻿ is pretty sexy to be honest, I really like it.
my dad has this car and believe me, the seats are﻿ one of the most comfortable ever
I love this car!﻿
Love﻿ this car in every single way!
This one has the wrong wheels and the stupid body kit things. It looks great with the T6 18s﻿ and without the silver things. However, as the owner of a 2004 S60R, I agree. The old one did look a bit better.
it is true, in the Netherlands Volvo's won't hold there value as most german cars but that sad, i'm a mercedes fan but I think that if I had﻿ to buy a car whit my one money I would buy a Volvo
S60 is positioned in an upper class as an opponent for Passat. And from﻿ my view s60 beats passat. So I will say it will crush Jetta.
i had an audi a4 and it was terrible, the air conditioning only worked occasionally, the turbo blew out, the starter motor stopped working, the electrics went mad, that car was hideous on reliability, I decided to change it for an S60, but in the dealer they got us convinced to take an XC-90, definitely better an more reliable than the audi, It lasted 6 years with not a single failure, and unpunctual service history, while the audi with its﻿ perfect record was shit so I prefer volvo over germans
the steering is very sharp but still feels a bit numb.. please, dont try to make downsides where there isnt, the Volvo is a perfect alternative to bmw﻿ or audi or merc. Audis are all the same design, bmws fail after 50km, mercs are to taxi.
I agree. The﻿ V60 however, is simply stunning.
Volvo and Lexus hold their own might, over the common Germans - Audi's are all﻿ the same and boring, BMW are fun to drive but not reliable, Mercedes are abit well dull and taxi'fied
Completely agree.﻿ Volvo's are awesome
It's weird that he said this car has numb steering. I've been reading﻿ reviews and I even own one and the steering is very sharp, far from numb, that's what everyone's been saying as well, that it has sharp steering
I have a new﻿ S60 R-Design and the car is awesome!
the c class and BMW 328﻿ are to played out Volvo for ever
...or try some years later a V40, which I won´t,﻿ since I just traded an A3 Sportback, nice car, but didn´t liked it after months. Small car, very nervous at high speeds, a very "nervous " ABS system, and couldn´t get over the fact it was a hatchback. More of a sedan guy. Just feel it is a pity someday I´ll have to upgrade to an S60. Don´t dislike the style, but I really enjoy how the S40 looks. Sigh.
Nobody wants to place﻿ a corpse in the trunk! That's quite spacious!
awesome work, cheers﻿ Mclaren and Mercedes
brilliant video! ferrari fans - notice how neither of them tried to make it look like the﻿ other one was cheating;) MCLAREN FOREVER!
Ferrari have a history of throwing their toys out of the﻿ pram when things are not to their satisfaction. VIVA LEWIS HAMILTON & MCLAREN !!!
shut the fuk up...runnin mclaren down wtf gt real the lot of ya ferrari were just as guilty!!! mclaren all the﻿ way
I love my Mercedes too, best ride going! Thanks Mercedes! Love, Spygirl Internationl﻿
i﻿ love mazdas!
Well.. maybe it's not the best looking Car. But it's a damn good looking Car ;) Would love to have﻿ one of those <3
trusty mazda﻿ : )
I love my RX-8! It's so fun to drive! But I will admit﻿ that it isn't the best in severe weather, the tires are too wide and shallow for it.
the seven looked much better though.. he has a good point about mixing angles and curves like it does...I﻿ still like it though
Great car,﻿ i own one, best one i ever had!!!
i agree with him halfway...the front's not that attractive..but the back and headlights are sick..﻿ lol
my bitch has one. a car of that capability﻿ is quite frankly wasted on her.
sik﻿ car
what a fuckin clown. first﻿ he says its the best car hes driven this year. then when hes around all these "wankers" he says 'i was lying' then ends it from a negative standpoint. what a douchebag. that cars better than any british piece of shit out there.
that's a sexy car...﻿ gosh will i ever get a car like that. Will i ever get a car period?
wtf are u talking about its a gd car yeh but not﻿ better than any british cars
i actually liked the looks of this car :( oh well﻿ jeremy...you're still unbelievably(sp?) funny...
230bhp out of 1.3litres engine thats amazing, pity the fuel consumption lol. i had a mondeo st200 with 202bhp out of a 2.5v6 engine and that did 27mpg, i expect the road tax was is on the higher﻿ bracket as well cant see any advange of a small high power engine that drinks petrol, mind you great fun to race around an air field doing wheel spins with tyres costing £95 each
It's only about torque if you want it to be﻿ about torque. Granted most people do, but not everyone. This car is quick enough for the street if you drive it in the RPM band where it's happy (i.e. 5000-9000 RPM).
the rx7 may have been quicker but by no means is it better than the genisis the 7 had horrendous heating issues the rx8 is better in every sense the handling of this car is as good as any thing out there and﻿ certainly better than the 7. and any of u looking to buy a new rx8 in the uk will have to do so within 3yrs as they wont be able to meet emission standards
strangly SuperskyLineZTune old son masda HAS cracked the rotor tip problems of the past! there rotor engines are very﻿ good lasting up to over 350,000 miles! and as it ONLY has 7(seven) moving parts,it's bound to be a LOT cheaper to fix! trouble is it does drink gas(petorl) like a fish and cant pass the us milage regs
They need to design and fit a nice Renesis 20B to﻿ fix those torque issues. Go the rotaries!
Nah. As much as i love the turbo power, i think that a nice N/A 20B renesis design would be a﻿ much better driving experience. Nothing beats the sound of a triple rotary mate ;) Bring back the essence of the old school rotary i say.
my friend has﻿ this, its really really nice i never really liked them and then i drove it
i like the look﻿ of these, they're better than the euro trash and spaceship designs they're giving cars these days
i love﻿ the rx-8 and after this vid i want it more^^
you should get it i own one and its simply amazing and everytime﻿ i get out of it the thing just calls me back
It's a very good car. I've had mine for 2yrs now and still enjoy it a great deal. No major issues in 26k miles and only one minor﻿ issue, (loose wiper blade) last week. Engine warranty 8yrs/100,000 miles.
the style is﻿ sexy but it should have a engine like rx-7..
i really like the RX-8 except i personally think they should of kept some of the styling of the 3rd gen RX-7 or better yet, RX-7 with the﻿ VeilSide body kit
Yo when i first﻿ looked at my buddies rx8 I thought what the fuck is this. Then I had to drive it 75 miles to north jersey. These cars are so much fun with the short throw shifter and tacking it to 8 or 9. This car is alot of fun.
Over at motorguru website this car was rated 8.5 out of 10. I think﻿ it deserves more but it seems like many people still has trouble accepting its look. Visually though it has improved a LOT form previous versions. in my opinion anyway.
2009 Mazda RX-8 R3 Exterior﻿ 8.0 Interior 7.7 Controls & instruments 7.5 Power handling 9.5 Cool factor 8.5 Fun to drive 10.0 Total 8.5 (not average) SOURCE: motorguru website
They're pretty awesome. It's almost like a﻿ Honda Civic on steroids.
Love the car, wish they would have put a bigger engine in﻿ it, but oh well, i just like it cause it looks sexy ^^
Yeah, however I agree, the car is made so﻿ well, it would be even more amazing with a more powerful engine. One of my favorite cars was the RX-7 stock. My favorite car is the RX-7 with a LS1 dropped in. :). Cheers mate.
How anyone can argue against Jeremy Clarkson that the RX-8 is a great car is beyond me.... This man drives wet dreams all the time and he's still happy to be in an﻿ RX-8 - says plenty about the experience of driving this Mazda.
Yeah there's good space﻿ in the back
Actually, the space in the back is way﻿ larger than you think. My friend's got a RX-8 and my other friends who's almost 2meter tall has no problem at all sitting in the back
completely different engine ;)﻿ its a rotary engine research it on google or something... its awesome
The engine sounds amazing. It's got to﻿ be thrilling to push it to the last RPMs to hear the engine's beautiful sound.
it﻿ looks amazing for the price tag
rotary engines are awesome. i even still like the 2nd﻿ gen (used to own one), although i always wished i had a 3rd gen - so sweet looking! (only thing is that i hear that 3rd gen is in the shop a lot?)
ive yet to try one, it﻿ looks very driveable and fun but i dont dare try the 2009 version just yet..it just looks like it'l eat you whole if you walk right up to it..
since i was 18 i have always wanted an r-x8 and i finally bought one about﻿ 2 months ago, and i have to say, I Love it.
This car is Amazing. And the design isn't that bad :) I don't like﻿ the small doors .... but its still sweet.
it﻿ is the most amazing car!!! I have one and love it!!!!!!!!!
Drove it today.﻿ I love it.
I hav one and i lovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv it!!!!﻿
They last as long as a piston engine. Just take care of it. The reason the RX7 engines died so fast was due to people thrashing the engine and not caring for it. I love my rx8 plus women love it too. Always get stares and they﻿ want to sit in it. Can't beat that.
great car for that﻿ moneys
Yes and with no warning. One minute it﻿ runs like a top and the next its dead.
gotta love the sound of rotary﻿ engiens
most of all﻿ the rx8 its sound is just music i wonder how they do it
I remember the mazda RX8 from NFSU2! My﻿ favorite car!
every engine sounds good﻿ at 9,000 rpm
Beautiful Car,﻿ and amazing to drive.
yea, the rotaray engine is﻿ a beautiful idea. It takes a small engine and converts it to something as good as a 6 cylinder car but using two rotarys!
no torque. unless you go forced-induction.﻿ Beautiful handling and steering though.
i think it looks﻿ kinda cool, not great though
you are stupid f you buy this car. the rx8 is a nice looking car but it have a serious problem in the engine. as he was saying it have a wankel engine and what he doesn't know is that a wankel engine doesn't keep long time. it just a matter of time before you need to buy a new engine to your car. it just stupid to buy a car with a wankel engine. and﻿ when I say they doesn't keep long time I mean mabey 120.000 km before you need a new engine.
i got a mx5, and afther this, in 5-7 years,﻿ i might buy a rx8. just great cars to handle!
The way it sounds, the gearbox, the way the handling tells you well in advance, the way the rpm resonates so beautifully throughout the car, etc etc. I spent the last 2 months drifting﻿ it in the snow like a pro - only thanks to it's creamy power delivery. Oh, - and the doors, it's Something for those that like things a lil' unique. The later models addressed the issues of the early models posted here.
I agree, you are stupid if you buy this car, BUT, that's if you have no idea of how to maintain a rotary-powered vehicle. Generally modern engines are rebuilt at around 100-120km, NOT replaced. That's not too bad, really. If you manage to clock up that kind of mileage in a car as a thirsty as this in a short time frame﻿ then clearly fuel consumption is an irrelevant issue.
i have a 1988 rx7 that has the wankel engine and i have 198xxx miles on it and its never given me a﻿ problem.
Dont be ridiculous, my 2003 model is currently sitting on 176,000km and goes great so there goes your﻿ theory buddy!!
lol what not the prettiest﻿ car?I think it looks great.
I love this car, I want one, and﻿ everyone ive talked to about it says its fun to drive
this is a vry nice with a vry unique engine !! but terrible﻿ Fuel Consumption ~
lol man the sound is hideous...﻿ it's like a 50cc two stroke scooter's engine sound
I actually really like how it looks.﻿ but top gear is awesome!
RX8 You mean? The rotary﻿ makes use of what looks like a triangle in a cog wheel. It looks funny but it's mad quick. It's an imbalanced rotation in a circle that has gas injected into the circle. The compression and spark plugs shoot the triangle looking thing in a weird orbit inside the circle just to do it all over again. It's efficient sort of. It's able spin at high rpm's unlike a piston and puts out good horse power at a small size. They are faster than v8's in the right hands.
the best car﻿ ever made i want one!!!
This is definitely my next car to own. I currently own﻿ a 2000 Chrysler 300m and have been looking at getting a really nice car for when i join either the United States Navy or Marine Corps. This is one car that is a MUST have
The Racercar right? Nice Nice :) I know it is used in small﻿ planes allot because it is so smooth.
and there is less to go wrong and it's impossible to seize up and it's power-to-weight ratio is unbeatable by any piston engine and it's easy to rebuilt and so on. apart﻿ from jets with a hidious pricetag, you can't go better for a plane
yea it is a chick car, chick magnet car. Every girl that sees my car loves it and want to ride in it. As for slow, what are﻿ you comparing it too? I have beaten many cars including a dodge charger with the v6 and civic si and prelude. Its a matter of opinion not every car is for everyone but this one suits me. If I waant more power I will swap in a a three rotor twin turbo engine and make it faster than v8's.
thanx.﻿ I am going for the veilside body kit and esmeril turbo now. This car just has it all!
yessir you are right I really do like the sleeper look and the look on peoples faces as you cream them in a stock looking car. I am going for under the hood only. I would do the bodykit if I plan on putting it in a show.﻿ Great to hear someone else who apprecites a great machine.
At the end he blames it on the tires...that aint the rx8s fault...its the tire manufacturer...put﻿ on good tires (rain tires perhaps?) and there ya go...nuff said. Rx8 R3 FTW!!
I love this car so much. I bought﻿ one a year ago and its freaken amazing.
Thats what I also thought but he﻿ just said that because it was with the car.The whole package.But yeah,you can change the tires for sure.
the rx8 is a nice looking car and handles well, look like it would be a fun drive but its just too slow! I couldnt justify spending that much money on a sports car that cant break into 14s. I mean my v6 accord with the a MT can hit 14.5 stock, saw one go 13.9 with boltons. not saying the accord is a better car because its not, I just cant buy a sports car slower than my accord! if they had put the speed3 motor in the rx8 now that would be a sick ride. but the﻿ rx8s motor is pretty maxed out
why are you getting defensive homie? Im not talking shit on the rx8, I readily admit its a better car than my accord. I didnt buy my accord to compete with sports cars, I bought it because it was $11k and gets 30mpgs. being poor and in college it was the fastest economical car I could afford. Im just saying if I were buying a sports car Id have to get something faster. but Im more﻿ into ponycars with v8s. the rx8 is cool though pretty too
lol rx8﻿ eats up oil and kills gas =], but the handling makes up for all of it
sorry dude that you wasted your money﻿ on Veilside, Brembo, JICs, 19" Volk 3pc with Toyo Proxys (no, Proxes)... but nobody laughs at a factory-stock looking RX8 that could smoke an EVO FQ400.... or the GT34R VSpec2. That's my point. I'm not dissing how the car should be, it's how the car should run. Veyron is ugly compared to the McLaren GTR, but since it's faster... everybody forgives how ugly it is.
which pony cars? even the slow ass RT challenger runs low 14s, last time I checked the rx8 was a 15 second car. the new camaro runs a 13 flat and the new stang runs 12.7. the rx8 is a good car but﻿ it cant hang with those three in the quarter but it should kill them on an autoX course. different builds with different goals
you might be right mate. anyway it's a fun car to drive atleast and I bet the mustang is also﻿ great fun ^^
- There is one thing I'd like to see in the Mustang, I'd like to see the﻿ colored seat inserts. However, the Mustang has the interior where the gages can change to something like 128 colors. The 2011 Mustang V6 is also 300 HP which is how powerful the old 4.6 V8 was. Ya, both the vehicles are probably fun to drive. I'm an American and prefer the styling of the Mustang.
this car gives﻿ me wet Dreams
accord isnt a sports car though, its fwd one its pretty heavy and kit was never made to be fast or sporty, it was made to be practical and reliable, and btw im not hting im actualy a honda fan, but stock hondas are not the way to go especialy with a﻿ fwd v6
RX8﻿ is a practical and fun sports coupe with great handling abilities. It may not be the best or the fastest but it sure offers a lot of fun and excitement to the driver. Must really drive it to appreciate. Plus, it also appears in the﻿ recent NFS(Not Pursuit). Nice! :)
The Rx8 might not have as much power as cars like the mustang, but the power delivery does make it feel﻿ like car with more hp than it actually has. It is light and torque is evenly distributed throughout the rpm range and so it pulls up to 7500 rpm. It really is fast and if you watch the rest of this episode of top gear you will see that it laid down the same time as an M3 on the test track.
- What the RX-8 lacks is﻿ torque. It doesn't accelerate the best off the line. It takes that engine spinning up very high RPMs to really accelerate out of the corners. The saving grace of the RX-8 is its light weight and solid handling. Otherwise, the thing would lay down the time of a VW New Beetle.
Jeremy is absolutely correct @ 2:49 I just test drove a 2007 RX-8 an the smoothness of the power and ride is unbelievable. You really need to drive one to know what Im talking about. It may not be any supercharged powerhouse but its a great little﻿ sports car that you can actually enjoy in through your day to day life. The best part is that rotary engines actually love to be revved up (actually healthy for the engine) unlike conventional gasoline engines which is pretty cool.
WTF? not the﻿ prettiest? that car is beautiful.
i love to drive this car , at least﻿ in need for speed =D
Does he say "It's the master rx-8" or "It's the Mazda rx-8"? Very good car, I bought it 3 months ago...﻿
rotary﻿ engine= no good, bad seals
my dream﻿ car
I have one, 75,800 miles still strong. all you have to really do is keep checking your oil and keep on top of your maintenances and your fine. only downfall is﻿ MPG -__- "a redline a day keeps the carbon away! :D" This is a car your suppose to drive like you stole it.
For the scrubs: Rotary engines are great engines! Just not for ignorant people. I think this car is gorgeous! And, man, do I love rotaries. MMMMMMMMMM YUS﻿
Uh .. Rx-8 is my dream car, I'm just 17 atm but my dad offered me a deal. That is to bring good results this time and he'll buy me a RX8. I'm gone all crazy for it and watching all videos of it :) Ps this Top Gear guy makes fun of the car but then gets serious and then make fun. He makes me LAWL. But however, Rx8 is a perfect car for me ( As I am a beginner in sports car but a professional in normal hatch backs and﻿ sedans :) )
This car is legit, and CHEAP. Idk﻿ why everyone always bashes it?
not exactly the most beatiful car??﻿ unsubscribed!!!
@icoopers really? I think the rotary engine kicks the shit﻿ out of any similar priced piston engine.
pointless comments I feel.. It's still a practical, unique﻿ and fun sports coupe to have.
When i first bought this car i was unprepared for the nay sayers which came out of the woodwork. People asked me why i didn't buy a Z and they would go on and on about the﻿ repairs or wankel problems or they would prod about the name wankel itself or the torque ratios. Truth is i have driven all of the comparable cars and have a long drive to and from work everyday (i have a 6 speed) and it's comfortable, reliable, and when you want it to respond aggressively it does.
that's your opinion but check 2007 CAR & DRIVER test rx8 beat nissan 350 ,audi tt & mustan shelby. har to belive mustang was 4th . I like﻿ mustangs v8 muscle & alot of power but rx8 i have to admit handling is terrific. in 2009 rx8 beat in handling vette & gtr. only handling .
rotary﻿ ftw!
I﻿ personally love the RX-8's looks...
yeh i like﻿ this car
Mazda Rx 8﻿ Is amazing and anyone would like to drive that car
everyone i talked to says the harder you run them﻿ the longer they last. =) just bought one 5 days ago and it looks exzactly like the on in the video. amazing cars!
Awesome car but i chose the 2004 VW﻿ R32 :P
I love it now, but IMO it looks like a ladies﻿ car
They managed to make the styling even fussier when they redesigned it. The﻿ engine is great, lots of personality. But the body style really isn't attractive.
Its the best car of the year... as long as you put a good set﻿ of 600 dollar tires on it.
love this car ... have same in my﻿ garden .. :)
Just﻿ sold my 350z for this. Best decision =)
Rotary engines sound so unique. It's a shame it creates pitiful torque and and gulps fuel. Otherwise I think it would be a much more popular layout for engines.﻿
front seets go back﻿ so far that u've got loads of space ;) np at all
Omg it doesn't have a 4 liter engine like faggot American cars. This﻿ thing is still fast.
Excellent car,﻿ and with mazda halting rotary production, possibly forever....pick one up. Fabulous car
This would be a great car to buy at a great price. It's also a very good drive because of the handles. Sure there's other faster﻿ cars, but the handles wont be as fine-tuned and they're more expensive, sometimes a bit more than what you should pay.
fuck in a bed homeless not in a pure and lovely﻿ car like this one
If these are so great, and they do look great, why are they selling for <£3000?!﻿
I wondered that, I saw them for £3-4k on PH, thought to myself "Ahh, a cheap modifiable Jap car!"... Turns out﻿ you gotta have deep pockets if you wanna get decent power gains in these babies. That coupled with the fact they have fuel pump clogging and poor oil supply (pre-09), their reliability is questionable at best (google rx-8 apex seal). That said, they can be wonderful cars when treated right.
future classic for sure ﻿
i﻿ love the rx8
Fuck sake.... Those lights are﻿ the prettiest lights ever. HOW DARE YOU.
I really really do love this car. I'm driving one for about five months know and is absolutely great. Is really fun to drive, specially in tracks, it lacks a little bit of low end torque, but if you know how to shift that's not a﻿ problem... The reliability problem were corrected after the 2005 revision, mine's a 2009... So far, just perfect!!!
I fucking love these cars, I﻿ wish I had one. Best car ever.
He has shit taste if he doesn't﻿ think this car is beatiful.
looks like a﻿ very nice car, deciding on getting a 2004 rx8 or 2012 lancer gts
@﻿ NIKKI- This car is awesome! We both need to get one! Turbo of course. -M.M.
nice solution,it isnot coupe. It's﻿ 4 door family saloon like Toyota carola!
This sexy car is like.. a sexy woman. Sexy, and high maintenance, extremely﻿ high.
Dad had one of these cars when I was 13 (now 18). Turned heads everywhere! He got one of the first production lines in 2004 so it was new to peoples eyes. More of a toy than for being practical. >22 mpg, high oil consumption, engine kept flooding, tires﻿ at £200 a piece, depreciated like a grand piano off a cliff. etc. etc. But he still said he never regrets owning it for 3 years. Thats what makes it a great car.
From the outside it doesn't look like much, its like a wanna be european car or something but when u sit inside holy wow its all about the driver. It feels like ur driving a super car, when you accelerate amazing power and sound. I use to have a﻿ 00 si, going from 45 in 6th gear in the rx8 feels like going 45 in 4th gear in the civic. I love the RX8 you get so much more 2 much to list, right now a 99 00 civic si cost MORE than a 04 RX8 haha people r clueless
its a sports car, so take mpg out of the equation. It﻿ has a perfect layout front engine, rwd, same engine size as a smart car but it is a completely different engine. this car fits like a glove. Drive it on twisty roads and you ll understand what i mean. Its not a high school boys wet dream like a typical wrx with the turbo so you can floor it at stop lights. This car challenges you to maintain your speed through corners . If you are passionate about a driving experience get his car. period
The rain is really a non issue, I'm not sure why he would﻿ mentioned that at the end of the video. Just take it easy in the rain. If you're really concerned get the model with Traction control. In North America only the GT model had traction control. Not sure about Europe. And with a 30 mile trip to work I would be more concerned about fuel costs...
it may be the best car, til the GT-R came﻿ out of no where.
my neighbour owns one , it just so amazing hearing it every day :) it makes my day better when i hear﻿ it
Totally agree. Everyone wants to drag race and my response is that I dont﻿ live a 1/4 mile at a time. I could drive mine forever and ever. and I love rotary engines even though they are kinda contrary. lol overall, best car made when it come to the overall experience!!!
love this car! my dads is a dope all black one...once its mine im gonna fix it up :)﻿
not the prettyest car in the﻿ world... well its simple hes lying ;)
Obviously, since the RX-7 was in production for many years and this only 8 (odd lol)... ...but it's﻿ still fucking boss, just like the RX-7 :D
RX8-Fans. STOP watching﻿ on 5:04 :)
why does he complain about the﻿﻿ look of the car with shitty jokes ? to me its a beautiful and agressive looking car !
and by that i mean...﻿ i do love this car and would love to own one
mazda, most UNDERated car maker in the world. the MX-5, RX-7 and RX-8 are just﻿ plain awesome.
what he doesn't understand is that the 'triangles' represent the rotary engine﻿ and that the four doors make it cheaper for insurance!
not "the prettiest car"? i wouldn't even care how fast my car is if my﻿ it looked like this one.
Watching this while looking out the window staring at her!!﻿ Not many 18yr olds have that priverlidge :)
mazda rx8 is the best car﻿ in the world ;)
rahhh i dont know what to do....i dont know whether to sell my 2002 civic type R and buy one of these?....ive had more people saying no than yes...apparently i shouldnt get one if i know nothing about rotary engines﻿ because they are a pain to look after? Ive only had my Type R for 5 months and i absolutely love EVERYTHING about it..but after noticing the price of these...im torn...thoughts?
Im beginning to like this car more and more... Im thinking in blue paint, fat white stripes in the middle.. you know like the Ford﻿ GT... and a rear spoiler... not that high.. stripes in them too... fat white double lines...
I﻿ Like The RX-8 Because it's Light and Has a Crunching torque while able to tackle turns or drift.
I see people talking about BMW and STI.. and I agree they are better car than the RX-8﻿ but thing is that if you are a 20 year old kid like me who pays for his own stuffs and you gotta think about your insurance and your fuel and maintenance then I am pretty sure you are gonna go for the Mazda.. unless you are Richie Rich of course.
well Rotary engine is far more costly in terms of maintenance (since you have﻿ to change oil and stuff more often than the other) but i do agree on taking the Mazda, its just the best bargain for our money :)
I find this car very﻿ pretty
agreed. The Mazda﻿ 6 is just as fun to drive as well. I love driving her. even the 4 cylinder is fun to drive. Just like the RX-8, she's so forgiving when it comes to cornering.
The TG guys should have edited out the "best car" comment or at least added the "twitchy﻿ tyres" caveat.
21 here, minimum wage job and 2+ years into college. Trying to buy one from a friend, and man, I just wish I had more money. 8500 for a '06 with 60000 miles, and hardly anything is stock on it. It was built for﻿ racing. I want it so bad, just, insurance doubles from my car to his and holy shit, im not rich. I have dreamed of this car for years, I would sacrifice my left leg for it if I have to.
This Car is﻿ probably the purest Japanese car EVER!!!!
the only problem is... the engine is like an one year old baby.. u really have to care for it otherwise u will brake it.. i dont say it isnt durable, but u must care for it! so think twice if u can afford that.. when u﻿ can.. its an insane car
Save your money, get an S2K or Z instead, or if you're feeling really smart, a 4th gen LS1 fbody. Rotary motors are unique... and that's about it, other than that, its benefits are﻿ hard to perceive.
And believe it or not the 2.5 v6 mx6﻿ too, I love it and it is a joy everytime I start it up :)
I like Porsches, BMWs, Mercedes, Lamborghinis, Ferraris ... But﻿ this is my personal dream car.
please google "Rx-7 Veilside", honestly, just look at this beast, and it's from 1991 ffs :P now imagine you could have it twin turbo charged until it spit fire @12.000rpm and still﻿ be under the price of a BMW... madness ? no, THIS IS MAZDA ! :P
well it use nearly as much oil as it use gaz and the engine is dead after 150.000km but when you see how dirt cheap it is honestly it's hardly a cons, you get a whole new engine for the same price as a big﻿ service from mercedes/bmw/audi...
I own one of these bad boys and Im very happy with it. Its got a few minor inherent issues that could be fixed easily. Message me if you plan to buy one and﻿ want an owner's opinion. Overall, one of the most fun cars you will ever drive.
Have 04 rx8 (231) for almost 2 months,fuel consumption is high,but﻿ oil is nowhere as bad as people say,the only issue I've found is that no one will race you at the lights! :) all in all great car.
I have an RX-8 myself. God it's fun to drive. ﻿
I own a 08 GT RX-8 and hands down it the best handling car I have driven, this car just goes where I place it, on top of that the oil and fuel﻿ consumption is not as bad as they say and I live in NY...
Great car.﻿ It really does handle like a dream!
Slightly less fuel economy than average in its class (like 1.5mpg less)﻿ ... I've owned one for years and have never had to add oil to it accept for the regular scheduled oil changes. So no, not very fuel thirsty, and not oil thirsty at all.
i like the rx8 but as far as ive﻿ searched there are a lot of engine failures.
Im not giving false info My dad's 2004 RX8 did 17mpg combined,while a 2005 E...Oh﻿ shit,now I see my mistake :p I meant E55 AMG,sorry But still,17mpg is a lot for a car with RX8's specs!
Only on vehicles that have not been maintained properly or improperly modified. Rotary engines﻿ have been used in many different aircraft historically because of their great reliability.
I find I﻿ get about 17-18 mpg from my rx8 on average driving around town, on the highway I get closer to 22-23mpg. Not the best but its comparable fuel economy to cars like the G35 coupe and the Mustang GT.
I want this car SO FREAKING﻿ MUCH, I would choose it over anything. I started loving it from Need For Speed Underground 2 lol
I got my﻿ hands on a 2010 RX8 R3 edition with no miles on it. So far I absolutely love the the car, its got a few quirks, but nothing major. If you take good care of it and amazing handling is something you want in a car, you can't go wrong with a good condition RX8!
At no point did I say the RX8 was better than an EVO. You must talk to a lot of really immature people with how many assumptions you have! I can't stand when someone like you﻿ comments on a car so negatively then names someone who called you on your bullshit a "fan boy"! With that I test drove a new EVO before buying my car and it was great, not as pleasurable for me as the RX8, but still a great car.
Fair enough ... but your bullshit was: (a﻿ very "fragile" car) not true. (shit performance) also untrue. (had to warm up the engine forever) 1-2min warm up is not long, so again not true. You rant(bullshit) about a car that a lot of people love. If you didn't like it that doesn't mean its a bad car, it just means you don't like putting a little oil in once in a while!
Hey guy wtf are you arguing about? just stfu man u look like an idiot. Its not hard to see the Evolution is a way better car than the﻿ rx8. I think the rx8 looks cool but its not in the same league as an Evolution. if you love the rotary engines trade your car for an rx7 then you can fight an Evolution and maybe win.
Yep, with the few thousand I invested in upping the torque on my RX8 I have outrun a stock Evo on the track, keeping in mind that my car costs way less then a Evo. But at the same time I was outrun by a mildly modified one. It's a﻿ toss up, spend more money and get more speed, plain and simple. Half of what you said were not opinions, they were statements! If you don't want to get called out on what you say, don't post!
I'm not going﻿ to argue with you about the Evo because I can't win that argument. Out of the box the Evo is faster but you will pay a lot more money for the car, the RX8 on the other hand is bought for the experience not for the tech specs! A mid pipe, cold air intake, and AccessPORT cost a grand total of 1k and gained me 30+ ft. lbs... a seriously noticeable difference in the RX8 and did allow me to outrun a 09 Evo on a tight track. Doesn't mean the RX8 is better, but pretty cool none the less.
I'm 6' and I have plenty of room in the drivers﻿ seat, and I've fit a guy who was 6'2 in behind me. I had to move forward a bit, and he was a little cramped, but he fit for the short trip we were taking. Most people fit fine in the back.
the perfect world is when you have an RX 8 as your DD, an RX 7 FD as your weekend warrior, and a Mazda speed 6 as your family car. I am half way there with an RX 7 FD, an RX 7 FC, and a Mazda 6 S. Now sell the FC to an﻿ RX 8 and trade in 6 for a speed 6. Let''s make this happen! god I love Mazdas, I think I am going to change my last name to Mazda.
The perfect car : Not so huge taxes (In Latvia),4 Seats,Awesome interior,Fun﻿ to drive,Fast, Cheap. But is it cheap to maintain?
Rotary engines are so﻿ interesting.. 1.3L.. Bloody hell.
Its à﻿ good car for à stig guy
I quite like the way this﻿ car looks...
great looking﻿ car, great handling, worst gas mileage ever
great﻿ car
ummm...in fact rear seats are﻿ not so bad. There's lots of space but "it looks like" there is not. Seats are deep so even mature person can sit there with no problems. But yes, it would work for short distance not for trips.
if Clarkson did like﻿ it, thats more than enough.
gas mileage isn't that bad, 25 highway for the manual. Just make sure you keep oil in it regularly and you shouldn't have too many problems. As with any car, if you warm it up it'll do better, but it's not necessary every﻿ time. Same goes for the cool down. Rotary is a turnoff for many people, but it's fine honestly. It'll be worth getting, it's an awesome car.
From what I've seen so far the interior and exterior are﻿ in great condition. Idk about under the hood though. I'm no expert and will probably have someone look under the hood for me.
woah dude i think the rx8 is nice﻿ but thats just crazy haha
I bought a 2004 RX-8 in feb and I really love the car it has been really reliable and﻿ its a everyday driver. The gas mileage can be frustrating however not so bad with highway miles and smart shifting. As far as cooling the engine down before turning off the car , the 8 has a built in fan that blows when the car is off especially in extreme heat. Not a good car to buy new when it still was in production but great used.
RX-8s are fun,fast, and in my opinion very nice looking cars for the price. i have a 2004 and a 2011 and they are both in great running condition. Fact is they are expensive when it comes to keeping them up and fueling them, but if they are properly maintained﻿ they last for ages.
fyi if your planning on getting one im assuming cuz your asking about the engine dont buy an intake for it you wont get any gains it has one of the most technologically advanced intakes out there, a﻿ vdi which means variable dynamic intake, it changes the length of the intake depending on what rpm your at holding torque from 3500rpms all the way to 8500
Nah they don't﻿ have engine problems i mean yes u gotta check ur oil after every two fill ups (with the manual) idk if u have to do the same thing with the automatic. I am going to buy my friends rx8 and he has no problems with it at all. It sucks up gas like a motherfucker but in the end driving an rx8 is worth it.
I don't care what anyone says this car is good. Nothing wrong with mine an its a 2005. Brought it brand new an still﻿ going with no issues. You just have to take care of it.
dunno why this is spammed, that potential buyers guide thins the flock of idiots ruining these good cars.﻿
If you brag about how powerful the "1.3" is, you must also mention how much it likes petrol. Friend of mine didn't even get 20mpg in his Rx8...I'm not anti Mazda I dd a mx5 btw. If﻿ you don't mind terrible economy then the Rx8 is awesome. My 91 1/2 ton 2wd 5.7 chevy truck gets right at 17mpg....got 19mpg over a 500 mile trip trying to conserve with 320k and it's never had a valve cover pulled.
WTF? How is the RX not a beautiful﻿ car? Better looking than most of the 100k+ Ferraris...
"Not the prettiest car in the world?" I beg to differ,﻿ The Rx 8 is a beautiful car﻿ i love them <3 i can't wait to buy my friends
Why am I watching this video when I can ride mine﻿ lol??? I love my Rx-8
i have a 2006 rx8 231 and it is simply amazing to drive as it handles so well and is super comfortable!! its had bad stick about the mpg but its better than the 350z that everyone loves and the﻿ best part is its so good looking it makes you happy just looking at it so your happy even when its not using fuel.........happiness with no fuel used atoll :)
i get 24mpg driving around town with the occasional blast on the back roads. its not much worse than what friends of mine get who have a civic type r and an astra vxr with the same type of usage :) just the car costs﻿ half as much as them and is a whole lot sexier!!!
This is my first car and I just fell in love with it. Like really I wouldn't want anything﻿ else.
not the prettiest car? i'd say out of most cars its one of the best looking id love an rx8 but still i want the rx7 i dont have kids and that car is more﻿ my thing :D
He says it is a﻿ very forgiving car and one of the easiest to drive. On wet roads yes a lot of cars may be a bit skittish.
i love my 2004﻿ RX-8
I liked the car too, I drove it on a public track during a test drive (if you get my drift﻿ ;D heh...drift...) but seriously, it has all the lag without the turbo. Great for hard driving, but the second you drive it like a sane person it feels so slow. You guys should really go look at it's torque curve. I've also grown very tires of the engine sound.
work in a mazda dealership﻿ and i driven these cars then are f*ck fun to drive :D
Alright I'm pretty sure everyone who watched this video and is watching this﻿ video either already has an RX-8 or will be getting one very soon. I got mine about a month ago under salvage title and it runs superb. Very sexy car and great performance.
Nice video for best﻿ car!!!
bye﻿ bye aventador
man i am in love﻿ with this car.
I've been in love﻿ with these cars for two years
german engineering mixed with﻿ french desing, just great!
german engineering mixed with french desng,﻿ just great!
The Best car in the world :) i﻿ love it :) but not have money for bay this car hahaha i driving Opel Kadett GSi 2.0 250 ps :)
hey the super sport is﻿ the final model but why they making the new model of this new bugatti veyron grand sport vitesse and i more like the rims from super sport :3
This is the only car I wanna buy.﻿
1.5 million very nice but i buy a boat LOL﻿
what an amazing spot! I definitely love it... love the sound... love the Ampera.﻿
Great job on all of these srt-8 reviews steve, and i really hope you get to do the jeep﻿ too, as it looks to be a beast as well.
Chrysler sometimes implies that it tries to give off a Mercedes-Benz quality car for a lower price. In other words, a poor mans Mercedes. Would you say this is accurate? Also, You make the Chrysler 300 SRT8 sound very refined and powerful. How closely do the two cars compare in Luxury and Performance? On a side note, the Chrysler 300 is a very stylish American﻿ car. :)
I do have to say....that is a really nice looking car. Feels weird saying that about﻿ a Chrysler
Sized between an E63 AMG and S63AMG but for THOUSANDS less, I think this new generation 300 makes a very favorable impression for its pricepoint. Obviously, they don't really compete for the same buyers but a﻿ 300 SRT8 owner can feel very good about their purchase.
Looks better than the﻿ original 300, but still ugly
For﻿ me at my age, I'd go with the 300. Younger...probably the Charger.
i have never heard about chrysler wanting to be a cheap mercedes, like you say, chrysler is chrysler, no car company should try to be like another , instead have its own ways, btw mercedes are overhyped they have declined in reliability and overall material quality since the early 2000s, any i say that as a german, these﻿ new chryslers certainly don't have to hide behind anything IMO, american cars makers have certainly done a great leap forward in the past 2-3 years.
Driver error? No, in all seriousness this car handles beautifully for its size. When you're shooting on public roads you error towards safety and not killing the cameraman﻿ on the side of the road ;-)
visually and what i have heard so far this car is more appealing to me than any of the german luxury sport saloons, the mercedes amg's, bmw m's or audi s models, plus these would turn more heads here in germany as they have a﻿ distinctive american stance and design.
the gauges﻿ in this thing look amazing
Looks great﻿ for a Chrysler product
$53k is still a BARGAIN for that much﻿ of HP, the car makes you feel like you drive a S63 AMG but NOT.
I'm﻿ liking the way chrysler has re-branded itself this past year - and their new cars such as the 300 are a big step up from what they use to make!
Lol. I know there is no way a jetta GLI can compare. I'm looking at cars in my price range, and this one isn't. If I can get this I would, and of course an Audi A7 or A6 turbo. ﻿
i can`t believe how appealing this car is!, i`d never thought i`d say﻿ it, but i guess chrysler has both mercedes amg's as well as bmw m's with this one as far as i`m concerned. greetings from germany.
The only "arse" here is you. I guess it slipped your brain that the GT-R is AWD. That's the only advantage it has over the ZR1. If you knew anything about cars you would know that the torgue curve﻿ of a V8 is different than that of a V6. Who would pick a GT-R over lets say an Aston Martin or even a MB S65 Biturbo? Those cars have CLASS and performance and they SOUND great unlike the kiddy car GT-R. And no 412 HP is not bad for small naturally aspirated V8 that cost under 30,000.
its only 30k in america so that is voided, and yes the gt-r has one advantage over how many other dis-advantages: power, weight, the fact the zr1 used NON-STREET LEGAL superslicks while the gtr used its STOCK tyres, smaller engine, lower top speed. and you are deaf because the gt-r sounds fantastic and plus the gt-r is a fraction of the cost of the﻿ aston and merc so yes i would take it over them, and use your brain the GTR in my username is the ultima not the GT-R or are you blind too?
You cant really go wrong with either one. I﻿ would say performance is probably better with the CTS-V but cost of ownership is probably going to be quite a bit cheaper with the 300. Both really great cars.
Ya i dont care for performance as much when your talking about these cars, cause their both fast enough and i probably wont be racing so﻿ it might be better to get this brand new and cheaper then a used V
I just﻿ test drove this car. All I can say is WOW! the fastest car I ever driven.
this is so so so so much better looking and better quality that﻿ the last 300.
this car is clean﻿ as fuck... im thinkin about gettin this one or the new challenger srt8
A heated steering wheel? A little over the﻿ top. The car is sexy with the black grill though.
its a nice ride but at the end of the day, its still just a chrysler. ill stick with﻿ my Audi
Dude your retarded that's the best﻿ car ever
@911TurboGearXX Your a faggot, These American vehicles will laster longer than any Euro tash car will. But you just﻿ speaking out of jealousy cause Europeans car cant compete with them gem. Just watch all of BMW, AUDI and Porsche will start making car like these in their countries :)
I read your comment out of context than. Sorry...still FKN﻿ nice car :D!
I﻿ love the new 300
I can name 2 American cars that no bmw, mb, volvo, or audi can handle better. The Viper srt-10 ACR, and the Corvette zr1. American cars are more reliable too. My in-laws have 2﻿ bmw's with less than 20k mile that have both been in the shop multiple times for various different problems, even a couple major problems like a tranny swap. I have a 05 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited with the 5.7L hemi that I have taken off-roading many times with over 75k miles. Absolutely 0 problems.
That's actually pretty impressive given that this engine can be had for just $45,000 in the Challenger SRT8. No European car can even come close to 470 hp for that price, and only Mercedes can offer the low-end torque offered by an American V8. The Aston Martin DB9 uses a 6.0L V12 making 470 hp. Dodge can give you that same power and more torque for 1/5 the price and with 4 fewer cylinders. The C63 AMG only makes 450 hp from a 6.3 liter V8 and costs﻿ twice as much as the Dodge.
Normally, I agree. ﻿ However, when on a budget, the cheapest way to make more power is with more displacement. It's hard to criticize a manufacturer like Chrysler when it is impossible to go faster for less. As for the Viper, the latest iterations all made 600 hp. It's still no 100 hp/liter Ferrari, but it will certainly give any Ferrari a run for its money!
gawd chyslers﻿ are looking good these days.
I like that chrysler changed the 300. It was﻿ starting to look very aged :( But I think they made a huge mistake by taking too many cues from the Challenger and putting them into the Charger. ALL nice cars but the Challenger and Charger both look too similar. Same engines too, I think its going to kill the sales of the Challenger.
The chrysler 300 is the﻿ sexiest car eveeerrr. lol :D Can't wait to get :3
What is﻿ NOT to LOVE about this car? I want one of each of the 2012 Pentastar offerings!
This car has﻿ cup holders? Im sold!
I want it what a sweet ride! My 2006 with the 3.5 V 6 is great i can only imagine﻿ how fast the 2012 SRT-8 is! Wow!!!
BMW: oh what a nice little bimmer you﻿ got there. 300srt8: OH SHIT WTF is that it's like sex on wheels!?
I was listening to this review, think "hey this sounds﻿ actually pretty good" then I heard the price
its pretty cool and﻿ all but think the Cadillac is better because it it pretty close for the price range just my opinion
i ended up buying a 2011 chrysler 300 buy the limited edition and i love﻿ it!!!!..luxury is my style and this is it....
I like the car, it's﻿ like a poor man's E63 or M5. I love to see a 6 speed transmission, 5 speed is too old schooled for a car in ths price range. Keep up the good work SRT team.
24 mpg thats better then most car now a days lol plus the new one is an 8 speeed so﻿ its more like 30 mpg
good looking car, the only thing ii dont like about it is﻿ those backlights with the chrome lines git rid of the chrome and its almost perfect.
Very beautiful and luxurious car.﻿ =)
Audi is for guys that get manicures; this bad boy has a Hemi. Get a clue you effeminate deuche bag. Even﻿ no crap taking Russians, like my self, like 300 SRT8, because it's a man's car; not some take your cat to the groomer to get a bath bullshit like you are wishing to own.
This is designed to be a family car﻿ with a big engine that makes it fun to drive.
I'm glad that Fiat and Chrysler are working together cause now﻿ we can buy the 300 in the shape of a Lancia Thema ... and thank god that it has a Diesel engine cause you cant' succeed in EU without a proper diesel engine
looks waaaayyyy﻿ better than the first! ! !
still a chrysler.. good design﻿ but like any chrysler/dodge, theyre made like shit
100% Awesome, very well designed vehicle. Sat in one﻿ today and was blown away.
A bit pricy ,but﻿ a very nice machine
Cool, but why the﻿ LED strips in the headlights??
People﻿ say "American cars are a joke" These cars are so much better than those fuckin little tuner Civics with a fart can exhaust. Long live V8 power!!!
hi am italian and i drive many cars like fiat bmw audi also mercedes and other european and american car's and i think the american car are﻿ the best! in 2004 i bought the chrysler sebring and i never have problem's like a european car!
Chrysler/Dodge have come a long way, and so have Ford and Chevy. Cars like this will always be in driveway, keep﻿ up the good work big 3 glad to see you guys back in the game.
that would describe the charger, this car is﻿ all that plus luxury slapped on top, Chrysler is amazing....
nice car ﻿
This looks so awesome, i know the new 300 is coming to australia, but i'm not sure if the srt8 version is?.. oh god i'd snap it up in a heartbeat!!! Comfortable, powerful, and aesthetically pleasing - while i do LOVE european cars, they are priced so rediculously in Australia that cars like this﻿ make so much more sense.
will break down﻿ in 5 years? theirs a chrysler 300m from 1999 with 500,000 miles on it in the 300m club. now chrysler is building cars better then before its a matter of taking care of your car. instead of changing oil at 4k miles baby your car change it at 3k or if ur worried about engine sludge 2k i go with about 2.5 to 3k miles for mine
Sorry for last post as i hit post accidently before i was finished. Iv'e owned a 7 series, audi a6, INFINITI Q45 & A Acura rl and they all great cars. But i would never call the current generation of american cars junk as they are %100 better than themselves of just 5 years ago. I drive a porche panamera gts an Auston Martin vantage coupe & a modified 300m﻿ and i live in a $2.5 million dollar home, but i would never call ur BMW, MB etc or your $300,000 home junk.
Beautiful car!﻿
Saw one of these in a showroom a few days ago that was black with the black chrome package. ﻿ It looked sinister. And for the clowns arguing about fuel mileage, name me one other 500 horsepower car that can get 500 miles to a tank of fuel...these cars are amazing for what you get. NO Mercedes AMG, BMW M or Audi RS gets gas mileage even close to the SRT8's.
This car is pretty dope... I﻿ must admit.
The 300C has the standard 5.7 HEMI V8 with﻿ a good amount of hp in its own right - 363 hp. Fuel economy is a little better with cylander shutoff; its there in this 300 SRT8.
SRT8 has more of a sporty feel with a flat bottom steering wheel, paddle shifters, and little more stiffer suspension. 300C, though performs well, is better suited more for﻿ highway cruising yet powerful. It's a true luxury car with things like supple leather, heated and cooled seats, blind spot monitoring and back-up camera. SRT8 has those too, but it's purely performance.
My﻿ Dream
Do﻿ you remember Lamborghini Diablo? The heart of that car was the amazing engine made by Chrysler company ;) ... Chrysler is a good company
All depend and its considered a history car. New Chrysler 300c rocks man. First had trans problems, now is a beast﻿
I love Chrysler﻿ that's the only car I'll buy
comfortable steering, great acceleration, smooth﻿ ride but lets be realistic its a "boat"
Admit at first glance looks promising..only concern is the quality and reliablity of the car. ﻿ Hemi r known to have good power but very bad reliablity..
I own the 2006 300c 5.7L Hemi pkg. and other than oil changes haven't had to use my Full Warranty or spend any﻿ out of pocket$ in repairs..Chrysler builds them Right!
isnt that what pretty much defines American cars? That is part of the reason why i absolutley love this﻿ car!
It's a shame that Detroit squandered the consumer goodwill they enjoyed for﻿ so long. Judging from the comments made here they are making significant headway. This is an impressive car--it's not my taste, but it's impressive nonetheless.
470 vs 518...but the E63 AMG is almost twice the price as well, and uses a turbo-charger, so it can make a lot of its HP without a larger displacement. I think the SRT8 is larger in space and possibly heavier, so that's some points against it, but overall, I think the﻿ driving dynamics are pretty similar. At least to the average Joe or Jane.
HAHA! 500 MILES TO A TANK!!! LOL! KEYWORD: SRT-8 + 6.4L HEMI = IMPOSSIBLE DO SOME RESEARCH BUDDY! CLOSER TO HALF OF THAT﻿ FUELECONOMY.GOV SHOWS 292 MILES PER TANK NOT 500!!! THE GAS GUZZLER TAX IS THERE FOR A REASON NO DOUBT IT'S STILL A BEAUTY
its a nice car but its really nothing﻿ Special to be honest. This car at its price tag would have a hard time competing with a 5 year old Benz or BMW. even though its a nice car i doubt it will sell very well. because there are much better luxury cars out there for that price. this car it like an average sedan trying to pretend that its a luxury car. that's My impression anyways.
Chrysler is not unreliable. That's a load of bs made by import lovers. Just recently Acura recalled vehicles for a loose driveshaft. Or something﻿ of the sort check for yourself. So did you hear that your all reliable Honda got recalled for faulty parts.
well in 2011, the 300 sold well over 36K units. Just under 800 or so less units than in 2010. But already for 2012, sales of the 300 are up, and sales are better than 5 years ago. And in the price for this SRT8 300 which has a base price of 48 grand, and a tested price of close to 54 grand, you won't find too many other luxury performance cars at that price. Others in this class, the M5 is close to 100 grand. CTS-V is 70 grand. E63﻿ is also 100 grand. The SRT8 is a sure bargain price here.
I like the SRT8s a lot but the only thing that's helping them in the fuel economy is the cylinder deactivation system. Besides that, they're fitted with the older 5-spd auto from Mercedes, but the newer AMG models are equipped with the 7-spd which give it taller over-drive ratios that help fuel﻿ economy. And the AMGs final drive gearing is always tall and taller than the ones in the SRT8, which only helps. So the srt8 won't dominate in the fuel mileage department. But not that I'd care too much!
How?﻿ This car is a better handling car.
23 MPG on the highway in actually VERY good mileage for a car that has a 6.4 L V8 that puts out over 400 HP. What's the problem? And if you can AFFORD a $55,000 car....you﻿ can afford to fill it up 2 and 3 times a week.
I Love my Car! Haters going﻿ to hate!
haha i liked the car before seeing last weeks episode but that did make﻿ me want to come back and see it. walts aztek was getting old though lol
love﻿ that srt8
The interior looks cheesy and too busy but I do like the engine﻿ and the exterior isn't that bad.
he has a point, the m3 is a better car, but its twice the price, really like the 300, though 14mpg﻿ is pathetic, i thought 30 was bad now a days, my honda does 55!
14/23???? That's schweeet for﻿ a 392 hemi!
Looks classy but fun. I like.﻿
mmmm nah!﻿ i'll pass! the car looks great but 6.4 engine only gets 470hp?? my Infiniti M56s with a 5.6 gets 420hp a programmer for my car and i should beat the srt8 since, it gets 12.9 quarter mile vs my 13.2 quarter mile well depends on the driver too! just my opinion!
Jeez, Citroens are looking better and better. It really does look like a﻿ one-off motorshow concept.
Very harsh on DS5 Mat, don't expect any more Citroens for test reviews :D I've been in﻿ this DS5 and it's amazing, really not french-like. But when I saw it the other day on the street, it just passed by me. The styling becomes interesting when you're close to it and you take a look at all the small details. From far away it just looks like C4 Picasso or some similar MPV tbh.
Styling is perfect. Interior looks promising. But once you take out the ride comfort, its not a citroen﻿ anymore.
Loving the design,﻿ spot on Citroen.
I'd honestly buy this over an﻿ A4.
Hmm doesn't get a tick in my books, although I like how they are getting out there and trying to innovate with the concept design, the interior speaks for itself, the buttons look very confusing especially for a techno n00b like some parents. I am VERY glad to have the Ford Falcon over here in Australia, seems like nobody other than Ford and Holden can create a family car sedan﻿ with plenty of leg and head room, a big bottle approved glove box. And not to mention the falcon engine ;)
Give﻿ me a DS3 any day!
Do you actually have any experiance with new Citroens? No. So shut up. And better quality from BMW / Mercedes or Audi? Are you serious? Sorry, but DS5 makes the 3 series, C class and A4 feel like toys in comparison. ﻿
Yes, there are 5 BMW's in my family at the moment. 2 x new 730d's, E92 320i, 118d E86, and E60 530i series. My family has﻿ driven BMW's pretty much in the last 15 years all the time. So, yes, I have experience with BMW's, and I can tell from experiance that DS5 makes even the E60 5 series feel a bit old and cheap inside. Not to even mention the 3 series which feels like 2 classes under DS5. Go drive the DS5 and see, instead of being ignorant and living in the past.
And in which way cant DS5 keep up against A4 for example? Its got a much better interior, higher build quality, better materials, better seats, better sound proofing, its nicer to drive, nicer too look at and nicer to spend time inside, its more comfortable and drives just as good (Mats comments on steering are rubbish, since many other cars in class are no better), its got a better diesel, slicker gearbox, etc. Stop living in the past and instead of being an ignorant douche, go﻿ test some cars.
When I say quality I mean from what kind of materials the car is put together, how those materials are put together, attention to detail, feeling of solidity, etc. And DS5 will last a long time. I don't see a reason why it would not. Materials are excellent, its built as solid as a tank...and check the latest ADAC reliability ratings to﻿ see that latest French cars are in the top of reliability charts.
ADAC is a German group that test cars, probably the most reliably of that kind in the world, so if﻿ they say that a Citroen model is more reliable than VW model for example, then it must be true.
Four Passat driver were watching﻿ that video! Great review and such a handsome car!
I think this car is a revolutionary step forward into the future... None of all the cars﻿ in the world is, was or ever will be perfect.. but... this car..is AMAZING.. go and touch it.. it will blow your mind with the design..
Thats because﻿ the ranking still take into account the old models as well, which werent so reliable. New models from Citroen, Renault and Peugoet all got perfect reliablity marks since 2007 or 2008 up until now. For example, Megane III is the most reliable car in the segment together with Mercedes B class, Audi A3 and BMW 1. Same goes for Peugeot 308.
Beautiful styling and﻿ details, too bad it's missing practicality
New cars often seem reliable. I did notice an apparent improvement on French cars (maybe more on Renault than PSA, but the latter was not as bad as the former), but some questionable choices make me sceptical. Most reliable cars are also rational, logicly developed and functional. Not sure cars like the DS5 or the 208 fit the bill. Maybe the 308 is a bit better. I consider reliable a car not showing its 10-15 years age, so today I'd look at R-reg to 52-reg cars. Time will tell for newer﻿ cars.
This car does make you stand out of crowd. For this I salute them just as﻿ Mat does.
Great car and great design.Citroen¨s design is already﻿ in future what is the greatest thing in car world.
Looks great, not a﻿ fan of the chrome strips at the front tho.. What the hell?
Very﻿ cool car. I really like it.
nice design but the rest...meh, wouldn't﻿ buy french
I love every inch of this car in & out!!! If﻿ I'd bought F10 530d M, so now I'd sell it to buy this ♥
I travel by car a quite a﻿ lot and I don't mind the "massaging seats". I first saw the DS5 at Frankfurt Auto Show and I loved it. I drove it some time ago and there was one thing that really bugged me and for me it could be a deal braker. I'm not a fan of cupholders as Mat BUT there is absolutely no cupholder in the center area so I really cannot imagine travelling 800miles and having to reach the "big bottle" in the door compartment. I would trade the sun roof for 2 cupholders every moment.
this is car is a kitch car,look very good but mechanicly it's a garbage,and i﻿ know it!!
french cars are standard for comfort... definitely﻿
I love this car! But prefer the DS4 in﻿ terms of size.
Car sucks, but it looks﻿ good though.
Wow when Matt is sitting in the﻿ back, those headrests barely come up to the bottom of his neck. They'd have to extend up to the ceiling to be of any real use. Overall I like what Citroen are trying to do here, but a few bits do look they're quirky for the sake of being quirky.
The design is﻿ really away from the market, everything is unusual, that is good, because this is how Citroen does things, to be different from others just look at really old Citroen, all the dials the pedal and brakes just different from the rest. I'm still waiting for the large ds to arrive, it would be really a wow. Some people who like to be different from the rest will buy 1!
Saw my first one of these today in the colour of the car in the video. Looked even better than I thought﻿ it would in the metal. Surprisingly sleek and almost compact looking for such a large car.
Not very stylish? Did you watch the video? The DS line has always had﻿ style.
LOVE﻿ THIS MACHINE .
Applaud Citroen for trying to be different. Its better than﻿ the boring Germans.
Not logically laid out? I absolutely relish the fact that when I﻿ get into a new car and controls are NOT﻿ where I expect to find them,﻿ the manufacturer has thought about my type of driver, and for the other types you can always read your drivers manual!! I don't want the heater controls to be where I expect to find them, because I don't adjust them often.
Wow, not seen that version of the ds5 before with that chrome,﻿ my reaction was the same as yours lol Sorry, the interior is an overkill of grey and that centre console just accentuates it more :o( Follow the crowd or go for something that won't last............I'll just avoid the boring audi and go for a merc instead lol I like the front styling, but the rear looks like it's been sat on by an elephant :o(
I don't care this car flaws if I vould I would buy﻿ it without any regrets... BTW Mat RULES!
Notice I said amazing looking/feeling. When I say looking I mean that it looks so outrageously gorgeous, so different than other people carriers. And when I say feeling, I mean the feeling of how special the interior is. It's just so gorgeous, beautifully built, and so many tiny details like the leather patterns on the seats, the door handles, the ribbed rims, the huge chrome sword-things on the front wings. It's just a jewel to look at and to be inside, the fact﻿ that it's practical is a bonus!
I would. Why would you want such a dull sedan like the A4 when you could have a jewel of a car such as this!? There's absolutely nothing special about the Audi. Nothing. But this, this just oozes passion, flare, and uniqueness. The fact that it's practical﻿ and usable is just a huge bonus!
I doubt the ride is bad at all. Matt is extremely picky when it comes to ride comfort and steering feel, as if families everywhere will be disappointed that it doesn't handle like an F1 car and ride like﻿ a Rolls Royce at the same time...
Something different but not very good. That's why you buy a German car. Classic but still very﻿ good looking, and top class ...
I think Matt didnt like this car at all lol!! I like everything about this car but the exterior design is a little too much﻿
looks﻿ so good the ds5. I like german cars but this looks much better
it look amazing in person.work﻿ of art.
I love the quirkiness of Citroen. Very nice looking car and it's different to everything else on the road and that's why I'd buy it. Love the sunroof, love the dash, love the styling. How many people actually carry around a HUGE water bottle anyway, what's wrong with the regular 600ml bottles... I see far more people with those than the﻿ larger one. But I digress. Great car, I, for one, would definitely buy one.
When he refers "concept cars", i noticed that he doesn't like the ds5﻿ xD but, he did a good review about the car. It's a good professional. This car is great. It has defects and the design is not consensual, but as Citröen fan, the brand is in a good way. The DS line is better and better. I hope the DS9 will be awesome.
At the end of the day: the﻿ DS5 has some very good looks, and a well made interior, as well as a decent diesel engine. But it drives like crap. So I wouldn't buy it.
it's not about being different - it's about getting a great car that'll keep you entertained﻿ for a while .. i'd get the a4 anyday ... sorry this is just another great idea with bad french execution
totally﻿ agree citroen its trust worthy!!!! and like every car it has strenghts and weaknesses!!! I totally agree with u!! have a nice day my friend!
Design is always very subjective, personally I like the interesting flourishes they've come up with for﻿ the CS5 and if it were just about looks it would be near the top of my list. Problem is I have owned two Citroens before and the long-term reliability was shocking. This still seems to be borne out by surveys like Which? Autocar and JD Power, meaning I'd worry this great looking motor would be more likely to let me down than a 'safe looking' German car.
Nicd﻿ car
I love the quality of a german too. I tested a Polo 9n for two times and sometimes i have a 2009 Caddy in house (it's from work) and i love the quality of the germans. It's all in details. But emotionally i'm﻿ a Citroën fan since i was young. My daddy owned an 1992 ZX for 11 years and no critical problems. I have a 2000 Saxo for 4 years and no critical problems too.
Nonsense!! Life is one with no repetition and because of that﻿ DS5!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also, i'd go for the Hybrid. 200bhp, 270lb ft﻿ torque, 70MPG. and it looks good!
O c`mon problems you speak of are in the past. Face it this is 2012 and Citroens have become very reliable.﻿
Oh c`mon guys as far﻿ as quality is concerned Citroen has become very good in this department very quickly. It`s 2012. Face it. We used to own BX, AX, ZX and Xsara and no problems just regular service intervals so you know I`m talking from experience.
I totally dissagree. For example: the﻿ original DS from 1955 to 1975 is beautifull in many ways even today. It has also been choosen by jurnalists as the most beautifull car of the 20th century.
You are kidding, right? Citroën is the example when it comes to timeless classics. Cars like the CX and the DS are still being used as "futuristic" or "modern" cars even to this day (in Sci-Fi/future films as Children of Men or series like Battlestar Galactica), the 2CV is an all-time classic, and cars﻿ like the XM or the VISA still look quirky and headturning today. This DS5 will long be remembered as a very timeless and futuristic car, I'm sure of it.
Just one﻿ word... unique
The time when you﻿ can forgive some small glitches in favor of true style, not just plain German vulgarity. 5 *s from me!
I own a ds5 1.6 156 bhp. It has decent head and leg room behind. It doesnt feel cheap﻿ at all.. The ride has a good balance btw firm and comfy. Loads of equipment. Ergonomics are fine. A little thirsty avg @ 25 mpg.. Great alternative to a merc, audi or a beamer..
My dad owns a 2.0 hdi, and I﻿ have to say, the car is pretty impressive to drive and dazzling to look at. The space in the back is bigger than an Audi A4 Avant, and the wrist watch seats make the car really comfortable. I like this car a lot, and I love my DS3!
I like this car﻿
wtf this car is﻿ sexy
yeah,﻿ just look at those sexy headrests ....
i absolutly love the ds5 because it﻿ just so unique
The best car makers in FRANCE﻿ just in france CITROEN !!
Exactly, New Citroens are great, they﻿ are actually reliable now!.
The car is beautiful no doubt, but its TERRIBLE on back roads; harsh, bumpy solid ride, hit a pothole or a bump and it will knock your hoe's silicone implants down﻿ to her fan... Stick to a c5 for better ride quality and extra leg room in the rear
Thanks. God car DS5﻿
This DS5 is a big mix I think- French cars are very poorly made, they don't last and I WOULD NEVER BUY ONE. They do look amazing though, the DS3 and the people carriers look great, but you just know they're not going to last. For the same money as an Audi there is no contest- go for﻿ the German engineering!
this is a stupid review he doesn't mention this is the safest CAR on sale (not SUV or﻿ JEEP) CAR!!!!!
It are a﻿ beautiful car.
Normal, you are an englisher. You don't deserve to drive one. Only for people with taste.﻿
Please bring Citroen to the US!﻿ Sick oc ASIAN SHIT!
French cars﻿ rules.
@poshstanley I have owned a peugeot 306 1.9DTurbo for the past 12 years and 170,000 miles on it been absolutely flawless never let me down, no squeaky or rattling interior parts and still on it's original clutch and turbo so French﻿ cars aren't poorly made and also my uncle also has a 1998 306 and is also in prestine condition
it s better, cause it is on﻿ picasso base
ds5 have much better quality interior, german cars are much better, japanese have hard horrible plastic, honda now stop selling accord﻿ in uk cause no one is buying it
interior is awesome,﻿ exterior.........too much like a Hyundai.......=-)
who has no faults ? if this car has a very good reliability , citroen will win his bet again ... wait and see﻿ . i hope the salesmen will give an extra guarantee to reassure UK poeple ; ) . a good guarantee is the key to sell this car
I would pick this﻿ car over a BMW or Audi anyday ..
nice﻿ car
Very beautiful car, although I don't like Wagons this car is really nice!﻿ =)
Agree with this vid -﻿ interior looks great but seems a bit substance over style and I'm not a huge fan of the chrome on the A pillar....
completely flawed but if﻿ it can be reliable then why not?! Nice to see Citroens can still be quircky
i love﻿ the back of it!
My dad got his today!! We all love it! Even tho we﻿ just downgraded from the new shape e-class
it's better than bmw series 1, 3 or audi﻿ A1,2,3,4!!!!
Fantastic ! I love this car!﻿ ﻿ Stupid review Matt!
I am normally not impressed by French cars but this CITROËN DS5 is just amazing.. I had the opportunity to test drive a DS5 and a Audi A4 at the same day and the DS5 has a REALLY﻿ good quality.. The Interior is very impressive and I liked better then the A4
u are realy stupid because A4 with the same options its twice expensive.gather youre fackts.and this car﻿ its twice better
Why can't we get this as a one time deal in﻿ the U.S.? It's such a good looking car. Here, take all my money and my first born. TAKE IT NOW!
In 20 years cars﻿ like this will be remembered for pushing the design envelope and ultimately contributing to the design of cars in the future, where as an Audi A4 for instance will be remembered for.......... well, it wont be remembered. Most cars are just boring as bat shit.
good ad! really true too- my 240 still looks and drives﻿ great.
Dayum, this is a great commercial. Something is eerie﻿ about it, but it's very true! My '85 240 was an excellent car. "...built to last." They ain't kiddin'!
Cool thing is is that they AINT lying. I have three volvos, 145 -73 745 -87 and 760 -90. More or less problem less ownership (had the first one since 87), and the two newer ones you can hardly see or﻿ feel that theyve been used as much as they have. Quality at its best.
viva﻿ volvos
Man, this is one's awsome! Drive a 90' 740 my self. But﻿ the 240 is a better car...
My 244 dl is from 1975. It's DOUBLED﻿ it's average life. DAMN good car. You can't argue with its longevity
All cars could be made to last like that. And nowdays they could make cars that last for 100 years, literally. But then 90% of the car companies would go broke since people would buy way less cars. And then of course the price would skyrocket so you had do save for 20 years before you could﻿ buy one.
Last I read the life expectancy of a 240 was 19.5 years. I still see plenty 30﻿ years on.
I like this AD with all the other crapy cars sticking in the﻿ snow. ----Volvo For Life----
i'm driving my 1990 740 turbo still.. 18 years later.. looks﻿ brand new still..
i﻿ drive my 21 year old 1987 240 dl, and it still runs great.
I own a rusty '75 estate, got it for 500 dollars, says 271,710 miles on the clock, but the last time the﻿ odometer worked was 1999. It still putters along. Putt putt putt.
the only car you﻿ can trust
16.2 years? that doesn't seem that long, but I'm sure it is as an average. Got a﻿ 740 GL that is nothing but trouble at the moment, BUT it has been left standing for years and there's no rust apart from round the sunroof and the misfiring just needs to be sorted out
Have﻿ a 1977 245 DL , still going strong, engine is the cleanest on emissions. Old cars do not pollute, specially if it is a Volvo.
It's average. Cars gets scrapped after accidents aswell etc. So it's not only 'natural causes'. As a comparison the Swedish postal service uses Renaults which they scrap after 2 years of service and numerous transmission replacements. In the 'good old﻿ days' they had Volvos which were well over 10 years old still running. Ford have washed away the 'workhorse' image of Volvo and thus don't sell to fleets etc. anymore.
I drive a 1996 Volvo 850 GLT. My parent brought it in.....1996!! We still have it and I will say it will still﻿ run like forever. VOLVOS NEVER DIE!!!!
what do you mean? old cars pollute more than 3 times then modern cars? but volvo cars pollute﻿ less then others, but a volvo from back then is polluting way more than daily cars.
Thats strange, as the owner of 4 245's, when ever they have the emission test they always pass. New cars in for the test always need repairs or adjustements. Tester always informs me they are cleaner then new cars. It's about servicing, and how well it is carried out. New cars﻿ are not run in as older cars were. It is just another tale to sell cars.
yes but you are wrong. it´s a -77 year model then it not have a catalysator, or what you will call it, that cleans out all gases/emissions that is even worse than co2. i don´t know what the name of the gas is in english.. but noway﻿ the car is cleaner.. you know back then, global warming was not an issue the same way it is today. sure, scientist had noticed it but not many cared. so the cars did´nt build to be "clean" except for volvos.
but volvo has for a very long time maked clean cars so they has been better since﻿ 1977..
1977? Well thats handy, as my DL is a 1977. With cleaner emissions than newer cars. As I said before, if the car is maintained well, using quality parts, it will be more cleaner than a newer car. I am not wrong. It is called a Catalyser, with a Lambda Sond unit. This was used on Volvo's in the U.S., and other none E.U. countries, or though I gather Germany requested this﻿ as well.
My 92 240 is invincible. Some times﻿ wish i had a wagon, but the sedan is kinda sporty =p
If you own a Volvo, you will be aware that Volvo state that good servicing is an investment to prolonging the life span of engine internals. This is why, I have 245's with high miles and clean emissions. When they are tested, the tester always informs me the engines are cleaner than new cars with less miles on. The fact is, a new car push is being forced upon people, to stimulate economies. And since when did a cat cost a grand? A﻿ genuine is only £200
i'm thinking of a honda cat, here in canada it's about $900 you're right, a volvo one is cheaper, i just found that out i guess it's more how stressful the miles were on the car than the # of them. usually when i see them with bad emissions it's the ones with high mileage but i guess i'm used to seeing ones that have been revved high and﻿ poorly maintained and attributed too much of it to mileage rather than to taking a beating during the miles it drove
why not have both ? there are still plenty out there , we﻿ bought a 240 wagon last year and we love it , hope you have many years in yours too :)
aww that sucks , i moved from ireland to canada and my﻿ wife had a huge dodge dakota she was always complaining about gas milage so i suggested she look at a volvo 240 .....we bought it on the spot and have never looked back
volvo is the best safty car﻿
That car ,That﻿ colour . love them..............
Saab was superb﻿ before GM took it over and ruined it. Volvo, in my opinion, was better before Ford took it over. At least a Volvo was a Volvo and not a Focus or Mondeo with a different shell and Volvo badge. I would have an old Volvo, but would fit a modern engine to get good economy. An old 244 or 345 sounds good to me.
nice﻿ old commercial...Volvo Rules.....from puerto rico
Yeah, and they﻿ spoke the truth at the time. These old beaters don't quit and are the easiest & cheapest to keep on the road. Front wheel drive and multi-overhead cam engine design have turned the car industry from one that used to live the words of this ad, to one that just sadly, has killed itself. Unfortunately everybody just has to change to newer cars every few years,just to feel good about themselves. Volvo should bring back the real 4 cyl RWD cars. They always GO!
My folks bought an 1986 240gl when i was one week old, i have had it for the last 5 yrs. i just bought a﻿ 2011 navara but i just can't part with my old tank, in the 25yrs that the car has been in my family i has broken down once. it just wont die......i Still take it out once a week.
i like the 2x4's holding every other car up...﻿
I have a volvo 244DL and a volvo 245DL, both from 1977 great old cars wont﻿ part with them, they are realy old now, where ever i go people love to chat about them!!! im in australia!!!
We bought a 244 DL from 1978 a few weeks ago. It looks and runs like it just came out of the factory in Gothenburg.....﻿
I know all this.. I've got one since may 2010. It's even better than this review - it's awesome.﻿ Buy it!
how much does this thing cost becaause i﻿ LOVE it???
Great review - Ducati City kindly loaned me the exact bike you used for the review over the June long weekend. I had problem with my ST4S & needed a bike to run a Ducati Owners Club ride. Guess what two weeks later I'm proud owner of a Multistrada - having sworn they were to ugly to own. I agree don't﻿ test ride one unless you can afford it!!
Great review and spot on! I just bought one of these and it's being delivered tomorrow. YEA! I went to the dealer just to kill time on a Saturday to look at the Diavel. When I found out they do test rides, well sign me up. I took the Diavel for a ride and WOW, smokin fast! But if you are tall (6') the seat jams you up too close to the tank and it throws off a boatload of heat back on﻿ the rider. :(. Before leaving the dealership I was eying the MS. Another ride. And WOW!!!! I'll take it. Sold...
imidiate Like! I've come 03:24﻿ and can already say that THIS IS Spaaathe best review so far! This makes me want to trade my DUC streetfighter S to a multistrada. I would be able to ride all year with this bike compared with the SF. Time to watch the rest and GJ on the video.
wow the looks of﻿ this bike are incredible
wow! i want to have﻿ a ducati
This really is a great review...one of the﻿ best I've ever seen. Very well done. Now for the bike. I've been shopping for a while now, and it seems this IS the bike for me. Honda and Yamaha have nothing﻿ like it. The Versys is too small and ugly. The R1200GS is a BMW. The V-Strom...are you kidding me?? As great as this bike seems, its built for riders with deeeeep pockets. So it's quite a stretch. Maybe I'll wait for a used one, but I think this is it. V-twins rule.
Lay off, will ya'.. It is a great bike, though i loved the 'honeymoon' comment :-) But in﻿ the end is all about the corporates money. And: "How deep can i make my pocket?" -Its nothing personal. The way this dude hammered the gearshift just to state his point, and fumbling around like a 2 year old to prove his point.. Jeez What does england have to show for in this segment? And i'm not being retorical..!
i think this bike is dream not only because of its capabilities but also for the price because it is less expensive than say any toyota or nissan electric car ( and zillion times more﻿ fun) and when in city mode it can be more kinder to the environment then them .
I just bought one of these,and i must say it is the best bike i have EVER ridden in my 25+ years on a heap of different bikes. It handles like a carving ski in the corners and goes like a﻿ superbike. On top of that it is also comfortable and you have enough room in the panniers and topbox to take looong roadtrips. It is no t as good as the GS1200 off-road,but i hardly ever do that,so that is not a problem. This is really close to perfection in my opinion
I﻿ must have it. It is so perfect XD
...I just test rode one today while I was getting new tires put on﻿ my own bike. I don't know how many times I yelled "wholly ballls!" into my helmet...but it was a few. I will have one...
Oh and Ferrari recently did make a 4WD car! And it did﻿ indeed suck! But it looked pretty sexy!
I tried it last weekend, it was the first time I was driving a﻿ Ducati. Result, I fell in love and bought one. Im gonna have it tonight.
Despite the not remotely funny and annoyingly juvenile sex obsessed commentator this is a nice look at the Multisrada.﻿ Though I still don't understand why people think the Vstrom is fugly, I think it's a good looking bike myself. The Ducati looks nicer in person than the video, it's a substantial bike too, but looks sort of small in the video. With a bike like this and a BMW GS it's easy to say﻿ they are over-designed, but for $20K they better﻿ be! I'll take my $4,300 (second hand) 2010 Wee.
happy riding, it looks like a fantastic bike ﻿
I love my﻿ mercedes.
i like it ... but they should have feature﻿ the new s class or c class...
very nice ad﻿ + suv
It's strange because this was obviously shot in Vancouver (most likely), but the car has European license plates on it, and the car is built in Alabama.. 0.o Funny commercial, though, and﻿ I love the car!
one of the fuckin best german cars... my father﻿ has one and we´re from germany, its BEAAAAAST...
i love this car its crazy﻿
mercedes﻿ is a german company so d that means this car is the best
Yummy both car and Ben's voice!﻿
That is one sexy car narrated by one sexy﻿ voice! I want a Jag XKR-S with Benedict Cumberbatch in it!
Born to﻿ be beautiful Born to be fast Born to perform Whats else can we say about Jaguars.....and Daimlers too....
I own one of this outestanging and beautiful﻿ machines
i feel proud to own a JAGUARrrrrrrrrrrrr! go jaguar ! leopard in﻿ an aluminium body unleashes its POWER rrrrrowerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrREVREVREVVVVVVV!!!!
Great ad and am looking forward to picking up my X-Type﻿ 3.0 Sport, awsome cara and company.
Great car , I own the xj6﻿ series III.
No, it's a﻿ Jaguar.
jaguar forever! kill mercedes kill bmw kill maybach go daimler-jaguar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!jaguar owns the track﻿ since it started
er not really you twat. my dad drives a jag xj soverien. and i aint posh. :P wooh go jags.﻿ xxx
Hahahaha okay.... Bmw and Mercedes will rape every car jaguar can throw at them.... and you compare a maybach to a jag?? wtf are you a moron... the only car﻿ i highly respect of Jaguar is the Xj not the ugly ass 2010 one but from 95-09 the car was one of thee best looking cars on the road.
yes I do,and bmw are﻿ ugly shits every single car they make looks like a box and has no design or curves that r unique.\ maybe the new 7 series but generally they r shitty designed mercedes makes ugly cars as well and only the nice cars they make like the SLR which compared to a raicing jag xk .the SLR will still suck. i liked the older xj too but there are too many stupid people in the world that dont buy it because fir them it looks old thats why there is a new design.
jaguar always rules...im so pround﻿ to drive my x type
*Hugs my 95' X300 Vandenplas* :) with 56,000 miles and given to me by my granmother whos very sick. my jag has never let me down and its a shame they got﻿ turned for a newer car and crushed.
obviously some people haven't driven a Mercedes or BMW. I'm not here to start an argument but Mercedes and BMW's have a great behind the wheel experience. Jaguars are great cars, I admit that, but you can't call the others horrible without trying them all. Styling to some might be ugly but driving pleasure is another thing. I love European cars, from German to British so I don't hate any﻿ of the car manufacturers. Just my comment :)
Jags Have﻿ so much more character and charisma than Bmw,s or mercs I Love them.
Jags Have so much more character and﻿ charisma than BMW,s or Mercs I love them. I Will never forget my first jag an old XJ6
Jags Have so much more character and charisma than BMW,s or Mercs I love them. Will never forget my first jag an﻿ old XJ6
I've﻿ owned all three and out of BMW,Mercedes,And Jaguar....My 95 XJ12 is my favorite she has power handling and the softest leather i have ever felt
With respect, @Anathlyst, they are not. They're the best affordable ones that *actually﻿ run* on Indian roads. I'll admit they're a little...ahem, rugged, but the Indigo Manza is a delight.
good car, bad﻿ video qualtity
Good to know others know the reason why buy a jaguar.﻿ I get asked all the time why i drive one and that its an old peoples car but i just got it because the way it makes u feel and the sound and the ride quality. "its different"
Jaguar is the best... at least for﻿ me....
to me, I love the 98' till 03' XJ because it looks like a modern take on a muscle car!!! makes Vin Deisel's Charger look like a POS!!!!﻿
The old design makes you look like﻿ a pimpin boss!!!! It was awesome in its every state!!!!!!
This ad describes﻿ me in every way, Jaguar is my soul!!!!!!!!
For all the Jaguar fans out there, to which I count myself a member, Ford's premiership over the marque was﻿ the most disastrous of the big cat's history. Almost as bad as GM's takeover of Saab.
i thought i was the only one thinking this.....i love the old jag lines and i love how the hood on my x type looks compared to these new models.....too bad that companies have to please these stupid people as you call them....but they still look better than any other car on the road﻿ :)
Now that is one SERIOUS car. I would love to wake up at 3AM and jump in that thing. Fill it up to the brim and rip through the streets all night long. Fuck the police. You cannot catch me in that car. Police helecopter? Good luck this thing OUTRUNS CHOPPERS. Get on the motorway and they dont have a hope in hell﻿ in catching you. Just hope the petrol lasts!
Finally a﻿ AWD Lambo~~ i remember the previous Galardo got owned by JDMs cars like Evo,Supra,Skyline lolol~~
looks better than the nera version, and﻿ a bad ass car.
that car is awesome if i had the cash id get that n the new reventon fuck ferraris these﻿ r better
a wonderful car presented uninspired﻿
i﻿ dont love lamborghini and am a huge porsche fan but this lambo is fkn sexy lol. damnn!
Raging bull baby. I've sat in﻿ an LP560, it's like a cargasm.
I just hang up on Samuel who drove the cars in the video, he´s very impressed of how the car handles. Although he´s not very fond of the gear shifter, it´s still too slow compared to other supercars automatic shifting. But it looks so damn good, so you will have to oversee with this! :-D﻿
this car i would say is the bestest lookin﻿ car
holy F@#% i want that﻿ white one! sexiest looking car ever
white is﻿ the best..and i will buy it soon
My No.1 favorite carmaker/sportscars of all time since i was 5 years old and 19 years later it hasnt﻿ change since i laid eyes on the countach. LAMBORGHINI 4 LIFE.
i﻿ live in sant'agata bolognese where the lambos are made and i see lambos everyday...wonderful...
Seriosly If﻿ I could have one car in the world I think it would be this
How a supercar was meant to﻿ be...
danmmm i wouldnt leave this world without my lamborghini murcielago or gallardo lp560.﻿
This is not a car for L.A., unless you get the automatic version and sit in heavy traffic...cool﻿ car if it comes without that automatic transmission stuff.
sex on﻿ wheeels
Lamborghinis only﻿ actually became good CARS since the Germans took over. Now they have everything, before all they had was looks and speed, everything else was poor. Now this LP560-4 is seen as superior to the F430 Scuderia.
I agree with you, that car﻿ is simply much, MUCH more than that. Go Lambo!.
I love LP560-4 I rely want to know the lap﻿ time on nurbrung ring!
A car like this doesn't need﻿ to be advertised...
The HD feature really shows how great the Lamborghini Gallardo LP560﻿ - 4 is!
The car is﻿ Gorgeous but the rims don't do it justice, they should have designed some really amazing rims to go with it...
the video is so awesome. even though i'm not the biggest fan of lambos, i love them﻿ so much more after seeing all this in HD quality
The Lamborghini Gallardo LP 560-4 and the Ferrari F430 Scuderia are the best cars I´ve ever seen. In terms of beauty, in terms of power, in terms﻿ of sound engine, etc. I THINK that they are the best cars of the "Supercars".
Zonda. Koenigsegg. They are the new kids on the block and are doing damn good. Especially Zonda! Jesus... I do love the LP560 though. My favorite Lambo :')﻿
Wohoho look at the quality of HD :) It's﻿ the best on youtube. I mean really qualified shot.And of course LP560-4 myth...
THE ALEINS HAVE LANDED if that car was a female i wanna make sweet﻿ love to it lol
Best car ever﻿
the best lambo car, fine lines, great design and dynamics. That rear just gave it a roll new appereance factor!! it´s a pity that I﻿ can only have one..hahaha
If this doesn't prove that money CAN buy﻿ happyness, i don't know what does!!
dayn heck NICE﻿ car!!!!! 10\10
CRAZY nice car i wish﻿ i had it......:)
May﻿ not be the best advertisement ever, but hell, I was too busy gawking at the car. A real beauty.
well the ad﻿ is not so bad but cud hav had done better than this,the car is totally awesum.......my all time fav car!!!
With cars, with clothes, with wines, with women (colombia 1st, italians 2nd) with food, with music,﻿ with soccer, ... They are No. 1 almost in everything.
It just looks so good no 1 can get enough of those awsome looks. The vis itself doesnt seem very italian though.﻿ But oh well, it's still brill.
buddy its better then your car so shut﻿ up
Yeah, This video is definitely a teaser to buy this one. I too love the lp640. I love the﻿ gt40 but I think the lp640 just have that all around package ya know
i﻿ like it withe
Hey thanks for that.. Me and Dareal2Power r close friends and I looked and the SV in HD and it was wicked.. SO thanks from the﻿ both of us
lambo = da best!﻿ :D love iit
can i get some rev noises at the end??? the new﻿ lambo look is fuckin sexy
The﻿ Lamborghini Gallardo is the hottest sh*t since sliced bread.
Don't get me wrong, the technology placed into this car is phenomenal. But I am not a fan of the Gallardo/LP560 body. It reminds me of one of those generic "Hot"Wheels" cars I saw when I worked at the Dollar Tree. I perfer the style of the Murceilago. It has a curvy﻿ and powerful look to it. Kind of like a fitness model with enough bodyfat in ONLY in the right places.
i want to hate this﻿ car...but i cant.
in my opinion - the beautiest﻿ car on earth, damn!
A sexy commercial﻿ for a sexy car :D
AMAZING: ﻿ CAR AMAZING: COMMERCIAL
drop dead gorgous car. i'd take the black, i feel it looks more sleek. i would want the spyder too, because i live in florida.﻿ anyone got $240,000 i can borrow?
this is﻿ the only lambo i actually like
Yah but I guess you've never driven one or for that matter watched a commercial... I'm not﻿ saying lambo's are good cars, I'm saying the commercial sucked for a car company that does such a good product... maybe you should learn to read STUPID!
this call dream car... lp560 look﻿ more better them lp640 !!
NOTING TO SAY THIS﻿ CAR OWN !
I like the black one more﻿
Well yeh. That is why the LP560-4 was given a slightly more powerful Engine then﻿ the R8 V10. Otherwise many people wouldn't want to pay the extra for a Lamborghini and it would weaken the brand.
My favorite﻿ car!!!!!
Personally I do go for that Lamborghini edge and think﻿ it looks better too. The package appeals to me more. But there are many who see all that in the R8 V10
my dream car :X i love lamborghini﻿ !!!
black﻿ is beast
wow its a wonderful car﻿
the car of my dreams!﻿
So true. Farrari﻿ would never do such a classy thing.
nice car,crap terrible music,this is a corporate video not a commercial 2 mins to long. looks very digital,should﻿ have shot it on film
does lamborghini even need﻿ a commercial
I want the white one... I want the white one so bad... someone gift it﻿ to me.. please.. please... PLEASE....
I saw one of these in person and﻿ it was actually much smaller than I thought it would be, which made it even sexier.
What an amazing commercial for a sexy﻿ car! Class act!
Good thing that the engine and other mechanics are german-made. Let's be cruel but fair - Germans are best﻿ when it comes in building engines. That's why Lambo's don't burn like Ferarri's - after 100 meters of driving. I will not lie that Italian design are one of the most atrractive in the world, that's what italians are for, it's a fashion country after all. This German/Italian combination is very inviting. And that's why I bought this car.
I love the car but the﻿ video is BOOOOOORIIIIING
Its true italians are the best﻿ for cars.
it looks so coll cuz﻿ its shiny
Incredible, I get a bunch of thumbs-down for making a comment that other Lambo owners are extolling themselves, haha. Gotta love the interwebs. Impressive piece of hardware, but the particularly marketing campaign presented in﻿ the advert is what I find particularly tacky, silly, and juvenile. I mean when Lambo owners themselves are rolling their eyes, that says something. Regardless, the ride is pure eye candy. I still imagine the F458 would school it any/all performance metric around.
i didn't believe in love at first sight until now.﻿ i think i'm gonna cry!
"Thing of﻿ beauty" Simply put
not just﻿ beauty, awesomeness
a car in perfection﻿
i pop a ocean of boners﻿ every time i see those wheels
this add﻿ is worthless...lambo doesn't need an advertise:D It's just THE perfect car ^^
i think the advert﻿ is really bad... it's like they are trying to say... You need this car to get laid, get into clubs, make everyone look at you and street race... Sounds like are targeting to single, ugly, mid-aged, bolt, men! lol Or possers... The car is awesome of course!!! No argues about that!
well ... this ad makes it look even﻿ MORE PERFECT. :)
Lamborghini's commercial videos are BEAUTIFUL!!!﻿ -> also the car is GREAT!!!
I like the commercial only I'am missing the sound of the Lambo. sport cars do have a lovely sound so you need﻿ to hear that in a commercial
this car gives﻿ me a boner
sorry but a Ferrari 430 is too modern, it dosnt look out-landish, its a Supercar sure, but Lamborghini﻿ owns the Hyper-car market. Wen u first look at a Lamborghini, u dont think "thats a fast car" u think "Damn thats a Sexy car" Hypercars arnt about proformence, there about looks. So Girls Digg lamboghinis more :)
i love u car...and one day u will﻿ be mine.
ok,﻿ you're right. it is a sexy car!
@martieman9 A lamborghini gallardo is around 250k a f430 is around 275k a person with style and choice goes with a lamborghini, that's elegance, it's fast, and honestly a beautiful car, Ferrari is way more expensive like the 612 is about 360k, might as well go with the murcielago, it's faster,﻿ a unique shape, and again a sexy car! Enzo or reventon, umm definately reventon, lamborghini is way better than Ferrari jus sayin.
i couldn't stop smiling during this video. what a beautiful machine. absolutely visceral and breathtaking. kudos to lamborghini for making the perfect looking supercar, unlike the oddly﻿ shaped 458.
Poorly marketed add i.m.o, Lambo's gets you women pffft (although that's a fact;p) what i want to get instead of all the fancy animations is the pure spine-tiggling sound it makes,cz let's face it : ppl would buy this over Ferrari's for their genius﻿ looks/sound and madness
it is the perfect car but﻿ I LOVE THIS ADD!!!!
This car is so GREAT! I don't even have words to explain how I feel about it! Lamborghini Gallardo LP560-4 - is﻿ my biggest dream!
instead of saying phone number collecting set they should have said pussy magnet...what a car i wish someday ill own﻿ one :P
L.a to san fransico.. shid.. with a lambo you prolly stopped at about 100 gas stattions.﻿ beautiful car though~
this is why i absolutely love Lamborghini. The absolute perfect﻿ balance between elegance, beauty and power. Sure it might not be the fastest car on the block, but who cares when you got a breathtaking engine concerto and looks, which are probably the pinnacle of car design...
the white one is sexy ;D﻿
sad..... always remember.. you buy a ferrari when you want to be﻿ someone.. you buy a lamborghini when you ARE someone.
sad..... always remember.. you buy a ferrari when you want to be someone.. you buy a lamborghini when you ARE someone. ﻿
Ok, i admit, ferrari is for a guy who has the money but forgot to get the status, a lamborghini is for the guy who has got the status an money. but you can not show up in a lamborghini on﻿ you job, and if you own a 599, you might be eligible to show up in it!
a car for attention whores but i have to admit﻿ it's a damn nice car
Fantastic footage﻿ of this beautiful machine, but completely missing the sound of that V10. I mean, that's half the appeal.
The﻿ car is awesome. The music to this ad is terrible.
OMFG! Anyone, I repeat: anyone who comes to my door picking me﻿ up in thát delicious car, I'll marry. Anyone! :))))
they really shouldve put the incredible sound of the car at﻿ least once
italian﻿ cars!!!!! i love it!
This ad, though nice, isn't as classy as car. The primary function of a Laborghini isn't to collect numbers, or get into clubs or be the "talk of the town" - as far as I know, the primary function is driving pleasure. Lamborghini has an idiots for marketing executives. I see a Porsche commercial in the Related Videos section - much﻿ better ad. Any idiot who needs a Lamborghini to collect numbers or get into clubs or be the "talk of the town" doesn't deserve a fine car anyway.
Lamborghini is the﻿ best car ever!!!
i don't know about the car but it's a awesome car no doubt, . but you really enjoy the﻿ commercial clip , it's a perfect harmony. it's too perfect, it's a complex of good music best contrast and nice video,
i absolutely have to agree. this car is one u can live with. and u can look at it﻿ everyday and admire its lines and its personality. this is the car i would go for if i could afford a supercar
It's not meant to be a Cadillac noob. It's a Lamborghini after all.﻿
Not the fastest car on the block? What block are you talking about? Im sure if anyone here owns a lambo, it will be the fastest car﻿ in their neighborhood 90% of the time.
not﻿ the fastest on the block...so you live with people with pagani zondas, mclaren f1s, and bugatti veyrons?
zr-1﻿ aint beautiful like this car. and the interior is rubbish.
Nice car. But i prefer a﻿ porsche. :)
ONLY ONE THING IT CANNOT DO , Fuel Saver...Thumbs up if you agree﻿ xD
Awesome car...﻿ but the advertising clip and the music could be much better...
A beautiful beast.................!!!!﻿
Mtvboy2010:﻿ not bad if you can spend Euro 427k and u get out of factory Lamborghini.. because Singapore selling pre-own at S$750,000 (Euro 414k); Can search sgcarmart
Mtvboy2010: not bad if you can spend Euro 427k and u get﻿ out of factory Lamborghini.. because Singapore selling pre-own at S$750,000 (Euro 414k); Can search under webpage sgcarmart
Lik the car﻿ but I don't think lamborghini should be doing commercials
Sex on wheels. This thing is my﻿ dream car.
It's a 560 bhp V10 with an exhaust﻿ howl that could send a chill down Satan's spine. How is that boring and lame?
lol You seem to believe that just because they used certain marketing techniques to appeal to a guy's desire for certain things, one can't own the car without some negative stereotype. For your point No. 1, sure the car is shown to have a flashy and female-attracting image. And that is because that is﻿ just how it is. When someone sees a car as beautiful as that, they are automatically going to think someone who is affluent is driving it. And the fact is that that appeals to many
women, whether right or wrong. But just because this is true, a person who owns one of these cars doesn't HAVE to fit that mold. They could be someone who just likes the car despite what marketing techniques the company uses in their ads. The﻿ anti-boredom assistant is nothing more than an attempt to express cleverly the fact that the vehicle is fun to drive. That's all. And for your third point, like pretty much all of this video, you are taking it way too seriously and out of
You summed it up, this car is eye and ear candy. So may I ask how on earth there is anything wrong with that? Do you not have artwork on your walls? Do﻿ you not listen to music? Ironic that you're calling us "Lambo fanboys" lame and boring...
Lamborghini has the most﻿ epic cars... and car commercials.
I like it but the color is﻿ wooww
what﻿ a sexy car! Ferruccio you beat Enzo totally! Viva Lamborghini
The BULL Beats the HORSE!﻿
Lamborghini﻿ love it
I dont even care if this isnt the fastest car in the world it﻿ is by far the best looking car ever created! Thumbs up if you agree!
like all lambos﻿
I've seen the Aventador and it's﻿ beautiful but I still think this is the prettiest Lamborghini. Not too rediculous but still very lambo. It still looks like a car which I like.
lambo commercial? lol﻿ they reallly don't need to advertise their car honestly haha
really nice ad, but they﻿ forgot to mention a couple of features like Wallet Lightener and Petroleum Reducer, but who cares, its a Lamborghini!
you are right about the add - as film art and desing of﻿ this car its very good, though I am sad VAG has their hands on such unique and distinguished brand as Lamborghini - now its just expencive VAG product. As for VW in my opinion all they ever did was to drown us in tens of millions of cheap crappy beatles - thats how you do it - sell a lot of garbage on profirt and then buy respectful brands that make low numbers of good cars. Sadly this happened with a lot of good brands.
so cool! i want it. But it needs a lot﻿ of money TOT
Awesome beautiful car a masterpiece of engineering i want﻿ one
I love this video this is my dream car it looks fucking perfect and really fun to own.﻿
Thats nice, but Will it blend?﻿
You buy a Ferrari when you want to be somebody, you buy a﻿ Lamborghini when you are somebody. - Frank Sonatra
One of﻿ the BEST cars in the whole world!!!
how could there be 53 dislikes....its﻿ a freakin lamborghini.....
this﻿ car is so awesome that even Pitbull is your paparazzi!! 2:04
Awesome car; terrible rims...looks like they want you to pay extra for the good﻿ one's because anyone in their right mind wont like those
at﻿ least its afordable
the only problem is.... bugatti looks like shit espacially if you compare them﻿ to lambo, ferrari and co.
like i said PAL, while you're out with your fail 2000 ford explorer getting 1 in every 17 chicks number after 15mins of exaggerated conversation, you drive this lambo instead and you get all the numbers in less﻿ than 30s without even talking. so yea i am correct
just something to share. Ferrari has gone far. Lambo company was sold to the Germans. is not longer Italian. Lambo has lost their loyalty from Italians. Ferraris have being more successful in Le mans race too.﻿ But I like lambos as well.
thats what SOMEBODY must have!﻿
Why would a car as awesome﻿ as this even NEED an advertisement!??
thats my sexy beauty . who needs friends when u got this , and by the way my name is maria , lol ahahaha maria maria ! lol﻿ it was waiting for me to see it , it came true maria saw it ,-) cz
silliest﻿ add for best car
I'd realy﻿ like to own one of these driving mashines
Chris Harris is such a god when it comes to car reviews, i love this car...the only question is about the looks and how conservative it is. it will still stand out sure but the performance is what mclaren is about, you can watch﻿ a drag race of this against a 997 turbo mk2 and a 458 and it thrashes both of them.
Wow! What a﻿ car.
i wish it look a little more dramatic ... seems a very fast car but if i had the money i would probably get the 458 italia even﻿ if it is slower
I ♡ MP4-12C , it's perfect non-every-day for CH . Nissan GTR , watch your back !﻿
Cool car but i﻿ would be concerned about dealer support outside the UK.
Sweet, I have been waiting for the Chris Harris review of this car. Awesome as usual. I love﻿ this car, I need it in my life.
brilliant review, just brilliant not﻿ a fan of the car but it is quite amazing
This over a 458? Yes, most definatly, whole heartedly, 100% yes. The 458﻿ is an awesome car but this whole looks thing is just down to personal taste, the 458 has sharp creases where the MP4 has smooth curves. But despite the rather clinical way it does things, the MP4 just tugs at the heart strings that little bit more
I quite like the﻿ idea of an elegant not so in your face supercar actually. i REALLY like what i'm hearing about what this car can do. guess i'd have to say it would be my choice if i had the money to buy anything in that segment.
I cant understand people criticising the looks...It looks like a supercar, but its slightly understated like the original F1﻿ was. Which is great. Understated is the way to go with a supercar, Its 3 feet off the ground, it already looks insane it doesnt need to say "Please look at me" . A F355 looks better than a 458. And Lamborhinis and GT Porsches tend to look a bit ridiculous these days, to my eyes anyway. I just want a car to look completely fucking effortlessly cool, like this does. A+ Ron
The performance figures are amazing. I just wish it looked more.... flashy? I don't know, it's just too boring and﻿ bland looking to me. Something with that kind of specs should more amazing.
Fantastic car, but there's something about the look of the front and back of the car that makes it unattractive ?! If you put the Ferrari Italia and this car side to side, you can tell the difference ! Ferrari has the excitement factor on the appearance﻿ that the McLaren don't have !
Is that based on that McLaren released vid where it got a head start on the 458 and a huge head start on the 997.2? At very high speed the MP4-12C would definitely pull away from a 997.2 T(S) with its 90+(60+)bhp advantage, but up to at least about 1/4 mile, it's all 997.2. Not to sound like I'm detracting from the﻿ MP4-12C, if I had ~$250K to spend on a car it would be between the MP4-12C and GT2 RS. Absolutely excellent car and I really like the more subdued styling.
As for the last question Chris brought up- yes, I think that this looks like a supercar and it gets my spider sense﻿ all tingly. If compared to 458, the Italian doesn`t have a chance as far as I`m concerned. It just looks ridiculous and a bit like Enzo (ugliest ferrari in decades if you ask me)
Spectacular car,the best﻿ ever supercar for the moment
Stunning review as always, love this﻿ car. So you have to press the "active" button to change the modes or what does it do ?
Best auto journalist in the﻿ world on the best auto manufacture in the world. Period.
McLaren>Ferrari﻿
Nice review EVOTV/Chris Harris...been waiting for his impression of this amazing performance car...he is very descriptive...need to see this on dry pavement﻿ though to grasp handling, acceleration and grip!
Its a great car, but its not a true supercar like the 458 is and the 458 is the best looking car﻿ on the market today.
this review is﻿ so much more factual than all the others who immediately started "quantify" 458s in terms of performance and handling. Anyway, marvellous piece of engineering there from McLaren, well done!
at least the﻿ wheel arches aint gonna catch fire in the mclaren
Got a bit 'Jackanory' in its tone at the end, but great video and﻿ review. A real insight to a fantastic car.
When I first laid eyes on this car I thought it looked really dull and bland but as I've looked at it more I appretiate it much more now. It looks sublime. I love the door handles﻿ too, or lack thereof.
by the looks of it this car is much more deserving of being "the ultimate driving machine" than any BMW. or any other road car for that matter.﻿ it may not be as terrifying as a CCX, look mad like a lambo or Zonda or have the style of a ferrari but i think as a driving experiance and for sheer performance the McLaren has it licked. Chris Harris saying that it is "Stupidely fast" is quite a compliment
The Mp4-12c is above and beyond its competition when it comes to all aspects of performance; the looks of the car is based on your opinion, and performance specs don't care about your opinion/bias. -The Mp4-12c will beat on them over and over, into submission until the 458 and TurboS are forced into﻿ a mid-year re-release, lol j/k. But seriously, the R&D into the mp4-12c is INCOMPARABLE to any competitor﻿ at this point in time. -The mp4-12c is one of those cars that alters the ENTIRE game....
I agree without the aids almost any SuperCar needs an expierenced driver to handle it without the the thought of it going﻿ in a ditch, but saying that, with or without drivers aids, 2012, GT-R can hang with the best of them, 458, MP4, Turbo, ZO6 etc its not as fulfiling nor as pur, or fun as any of those, but i dont think its makes it less car, less driver orientated yes, electronics have there uses, but so doesnt without, no drivers car, but both MP4 and GT-R are great nontheless
well no of course not, but if u wanted the best of the best cars for driving, you'd﻿ have the mclaren
i dont live on the race track. i also drive around the town. then i want something that is awesome to drive as well as looking sexy. and mclaren might be a﻿ great drivers car, but not much of a looker for me
in which case you also want somethin that rides every well.. and guess which is miles ahead of every other supercar so far as that is concerned? the Mclaren ;)﻿ you really think peolpe arent gna stand n stare when they see a bright while mclaren with a carbon lip, carbon turning blades, carbon diffuser and a stealth pack? :P and then you put your foot down! boom.. dont get no better than that! lol
i love those﻿ headlights
The more videos I watch about the McLaren, the more I like it. If it﻿ can beat the 458 in performance, it can beat any other car in its class, including the SLS and the 997 Turbo S. Yes the 2011 Nissan GT-R might be faster on the track, except...I don't know about you but I would mind replacing oil every 1000km and the clutch every 5000km because the whole car overheats like hell.
I think this is an amazing looking car. Not to over done and not to﻿ lazily designed. Its just right in my opinion.
Wow. I'm so﻿ glad this manufacture is back in the game. I really missed them since the 90's. Welcome back Mclaren..
Great car. I'd buy one, but one problem.﻿ Where do you buy one?
In fact that's﻿ just 5 seconds faster than the normal (2010) 911 turbo
Sounded to me like Chris Harris made a comparison between the Mclaren and an F430. "Not quite a 4-5-8". Gotta love all the trash talking people be doin though. ﻿ Mclaren this Mclaren that... 458 this 458 that. Ferrari fans just need to remember... SCUDERIA version... it'll shut Mclaren fans up.
it wont lol cus its still wont be as fast as the Mclaren equivalent, and for the 430 quote.. hes saying in sport mode it feel as hard edged as a normal 430 BUT a hell of a lot better ride quality.. and obviously.. a lot faster.. the scuderia 458 will still have a standard suspension system ride solid﻿ anti roll bars etc.. mclaren have moved the game forward several steps yet again..
The 458 and MP12c maybe direct competitors, but they are as different as chalk and cheese. Both are great cars, and both should be celebrated. I think Mclaren have tried to emulate the porsche's everyday usability with 458 type performance. I wouldnt grumble if someone﻿ threw me the keys to either, so why would anyone else? Enjoy them before the Cult of climate change try to rid us of machines like these.
I don't know much about this guy, but I can see he's a very good presenter. He's technical but without being too boring unlike other car show presenters. I won't compare﻿ shows like EVO, AutoCar or Top Gear. They're all different and all enjoyable on their way. Top Gear is entertaining, EVO is all about facts and no bullshit. AutoCar is a bit more "dry" but still enjoyable. Now about the car: I would take this any day over a 458. Period!
great car but needs to look just a tad﻿ more exciting on the outside.
No serious tests yet I believe.... This for example,﻿ wet track, no serious revving and too little info... Nice sound, pretty good technology, but for my taste, kind of a shitty interior for a "super-car"...
amazing, and it was﻿ in the rain, still getting praise.... crazy crazy car.
I﻿ think handling is amazing but it has ugly front end ugly interior and sound like vaccum cleaner.
Great car, more﻿ than 600 HP for 3.8Lt. V8.
mp4-12c is cheaper but who knows what the dealer markup might be. I bet it just comes down to personal preference. gt2rs better on track, mp4 faster in a straight line, ferrari....well its a ferrari, lol.﻿
ATTENTION EVERYONE, JEREMY HAS DRIVEN THE 12C. 1. He LIKES the looks, the driving position, speed. He says its nicer to use and the Maths are on the 12c's﻿ side. 2. He says It ISN'T EXCITING, doesn't sound GOOD, its to digital. QUOTE: :The Ferrari is a pair of stockings.﻿ The McLaren is a pair of tights. Scientifically and mathematically and practically, the McLaren is better. And yet somehow, it isn't" topgear.com/uk/photos/clarkson­-mclaren-mp4-12c-2011-03-22?im­ageNo=0
@mishu320i @mishu320i Oh I'm sorry, WTF are you talking about? Do you even read yourself? Mclaren never compromise they have years of experience so they've put this﻿ car thorough testing to make sure there is no turbo-lag. The engine was joint developed with Ricardo, and is an innovative wonder in its own right with the best C02 per horse-power rating of any car of its type. So yeah I guess we Brits CAN make decent engines. Go lick an American's arse...
A fabulous car , no doubt an engineering masterpiece , but what a massive letdown on the looks department. Compared to a 458 italia it is so utterly and totally bland and generic . Even let it be faster , sharper and handle better than the Ferrari , I cannot forgive the lack of effort put into the mclarens looks . It's boring , where the 458 is utterly amazingly﻿ beautiful . Oh and I think chris is the best auto journalist in the world
Awesome car and review! Can't wait to drive it! Gonna be counting﻿ the days to it.
Great car﻿ but I'd rather have the Ferrari
no thanks.﻿ McLaren > Ferrari.
I think mclaren are way ahead of it's rivals with this,in certain acceleration tests it beats it's f1 lol but if I'm spending that sort of money looks do play a part and i wouldn't want a car what could be﻿ mistaken for a lotus evora
are you ugly? if u﻿ think a veyron looks nice u have some issues and a buggati costs a shit ton more
Amazing machine - can't wait till Top Gear tests this ... and Clarkson﻿ will simply slug it off and say Ferrari is better lol
this car sounds really﻿ good
hahaha i saw this on the road the other day as i live basicly next to mcLaren in woking hehe It was just finished still had blue covers on it to protect the﻿ identity amazing looking car everybody in the car driving pass their head was turning.
don't be foolish , mac laren's car ﻿ is perfection .
This is one of the best cars in the world. But it﻿ is also one of the most boring/ugly cars out there.
I'd like to see McLaren write﻿ history with their cars again
Now this is the car, I dont think a Ferrari, a Lamborghini or a﻿ Pagani can even come close.
MP4 destroyed the 458 on TG don't care what they say it is and will always be better than the﻿ 458!!!
I'd take this over the 458, anytime﻿
mclaren﻿ will always be king specially the f1 gtr
I respect﻿ mclaren because they've never even attempted something that couldn't do at least 200 mph
MP4-12C >﻿ 458 simples!
i want﻿ hte mclaren. over the ferrari
I like the F1 better, but the MP4-12C is﻿ still good
The car of﻿ my dreams! Only 200.000 Euro!
@funnyrandomgenius "MP4-12C﻿ > 458 simples!" you're a biased, chauvinistic brit that doesnt have a clue about either﻿ car, simple.
this is my car﻿
I'd take the Aventador instead, but for a CEO as a somewhat-daily driver, this car is probably WAAAAY﻿ better with the different ride modes
person: if u could have any car in the﻿ world, wat would it- me: MCLAREN 12C!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well, I'd rather have a fast car that isn't road legal than a "slow" car that is road legal. But I'd take an﻿ F1 over an MP4-12C anyday.
this﻿ is my third dream car
My dream car after mclaren f1﻿
These EVO reviews are excellent. Very vivid description of the car and its characteristics. This car seems better and ore advanced than the 458 and is unquestionably faster. The looks are subjective - to﻿ be honest I think the Aventador is better than both of them but the McLaren is the best car.
MP4-12c and the Reventon are the sexiest cars﻿ ever. Period.
This car has 3 modes which are all sexy in their own way. It sounds like a robot but looks like a super﻿ model
McLaren > Everything else.﻿
@USAFSECURITYFORCES21 "McLaren > Everything﻿ else" red bull >﻿ mclaren
Its funny that when mclaren want to do something, like back in the 90's when they wanted to make the fasted road car, they actually do it (mclaren f1), and its also funny how the mclaren that was designed to compete with the 458 italia beats the 458 italia in every single non opinionated way, its also quite funny how Britain invented the computer, the﻿ very thing you are using to spread your troll shit...
what a pernicious comment? Why are British people "garbage"? Are﻿ Japanese people "garbage"? Of course not! Are Americans or French? Of course not? Are Nigerians? Of course not. THis type of stereotypical and nasty comment is not what the world needs. The fact is that McClaren is the most successful F1 team in history. You may not like them, but their products can hardly be described as failures.
Here, a couple of years after seeing it for the first time the looks are really growing on me. I found it dull to begin with,﻿ but now I really feel that it's a better car than a 458. It's unquestionably faster too.
got to drive this bad boy about 10 feet at work today haha...... tis a beauty﻿
I﻿ dont know why people say the mclaren has no pizazz, i mean it looks pretty good, not as good as a 458
But﻿ you havent driven the mclaren itself, the porsches are fun, but once you remove the mclaren's traction controls... Its a damn monster, Far from being boring.
i'd have to disagree. while it is a VERY fast car it is still too "clinical" if it can be put this way.. The reason why a normal 911 2s would be more exciting to drive is because it has it's flaws. many of them in fact. and it gives it a personality. the rear mounted engine gives the driver an extra ability to aggressively slide through the corners and the the light front end MAKES you concentrate at high speeds. but it pays off. This McLaren﻿ is almost too perfect to be exciting..
my dads boss just﻿ got one of these its amazing!!
It's also one of those cars that looks 100x better in real life than when you see it in the videos and photos. Don't know why, but﻿ it is amazing.
Chris Harris﻿ says stupidly fast. It's insanely good.
People who actually drive their cars. Most of Ferrari's and Lambo's and Pagani's are purchased by people who will poodle around for an afternoon on weekends﻿ twice a month. McLaren didn't build this car to look at, they built it to drive.
Faster yes but not SOOO fast as to totally change the game. And better than the 458? I dont love the 458, believe it or not﻿ i prefer the Gallardo but how is it better than the 458?
its faster and a lot more practical﻿ with a much better suspension which makes it a lot more practical for city driving.
i never said its better, i said its faster,which it is and i said its more practical in the city, which again, it﻿ is.
I cant see why Tiff﻿ and Jason from Fifth Gear hated it so much? it looks and feels very sporty and ready to hunt lap times !!
This is﻿ my drean supercar, quite but deathly,
Umm this is﻿ a english car dude so umm yeah good day
i love﻿ this car :D
You know dude, I used to﻿ think along similar lines until I actually saw the car in flesh and I can tell you it is absolutely gorgeous. I prefer the McLaren to the 458. I've seen several 458s parked up by MOE in Dubai but none have drawn a crowd like the McLaren. That, to me, says a lot. The McLaren isn't photogenic but it is gorgeous up close and personal.
This must be the perfect everyday supercar. It's looks fantastic,﻿ handles fantastic, it's comfortable... What to say, I think epic could describe it very well.
MP4 isn't hard to control at all... its straight out of a video game. Is It handles sooo well that you're not used to such﻿ an unbelievable car. Its an everyday dream car, where with a Ferrari you get only fun drives, with nothing appealing other than looks and speed
I've said it once, and I'll say it again. The Veyron﻿ wasn't Concorde... This, for the moment, is Concorde. What a fabulous piece of automotive engineering.
this gets to﻿ 100... by the time it takes me TL to get to 60 -_-
I just don't get excited by this car. I guess for me, it's not sexy enough in the way a 458 is. Undeniably a﻿ great car though.
I finally got to drive this car at Newport Beach McLaren (Thanks Nick) and WOW!!!! I've driven many exotics and this is the best all﻿ around exotic I've ever driven. Incredibly fast... handles like it's on rails.
The car can be a lot of﻿ fun, like a Ferrari except it won't try and kill you, you just need to turn traction control off. even with it on, im pretty usre its more fun than the ferrari.
I honestly consider it illegal to dislike this car... The thing is perfect; it'll out-perform just about everything at the track,﻿ all while having incredible comfortability. Not to mention, the thing is incredibly sleek and subtle looking. It's a super car that isn't "flashy" about it.
Wow that car has alot of handling on wet roads.﻿
See one﻿ in person and it looks awesome.
the door it self using a censor to open, that's what i like from mclaren mp4 12c, and it's so comfy too, i don't care about Tiff and Jason from Fifth Gear said about this car but i'd still choose it instead of ferrari﻿ 458 Italia
it gives speed & performance but without the﻿ excitement.
in my opinion﻿ 458 italia is a better car..but god the mp4 is a cool car too...all that torque..
this car has grown on me a lot. A lot of supercars look stunning, but maybe too over the top.This looks stunning,﻿ but in a 'normal' way. Like a car that you could use all the time. Plus its fast as hell. And its British made. If i win the lottery, id highly consider one
saw a blue one of these yesterday on the road in front﻿ of me and just found out what it was. what a nice car.
3 cars in 1, Shut﻿ up and Take my money!!!
At least you didn't say it looked completely dull.....cough* Jeremy Clarkson *cough. I for one think it's better than any Ferrari short of the 599 gto. It's the most amazing thing. The rest of the world should take a gander and﻿ learn something
I like this﻿ review but I hate how automotive journalist keep saying the mp4-12c is nothing like a 458 italia yet they complain how cars these days lack character. The Mclaren has character and its own remarkable piece of engineering. Its differnt from the 458 and thats wat makes it special. Just compare the cars on the matter of choice. If u want lunacy and a rawkus sounding engine buy the 458. If u want compliance, superb engineering, overwhelming power and refinement buy the mp4-12c.
Obviously I haven't ever driven one before, but by the looks of it, you get a comfortable and somewhat practical car for the road, you get a sporty mode for a bit of kick on the road but you don't loose the comfort, and then you get full track mode for fantastic lap times. From one point of view this car has and does everything you could ever want, but as much as I love it, I think the likes of Clarkson and even Tiff and Jason are right, it's kind of lacking some excitement, it's a bit dull.﻿
I know the first Mclaren F1 was a technologic achievement and all that but today there isnt a thing it can do﻿ that modern cars cant do better. Speed and power are decisions today. Not achievements. You have to impress in whole new ways.
The truth about the mp4-12c,﻿ its a very good car, ican be named a perfect car, but! Its no more than that, doesnt make feel like a 458 Italia, its better, but no better, real drivers can understand that
I reckon the 458 might be better for making you feel like a driving god (even when the driver is a noob), but the 12C goes about the supercar deal﻿ in a much more realistic way, which is why it's absolutely quick and yet manages normal driving better than any supercar. It's the one I'd have!
the Ferrari 458﻿ Italia is better indeed. !!!!! Rubbish, apart from the fact the Ferrari is not reliable, costs a fortune in repairs, is bloody uncomfortable, noisy, totally unreliable and has nothing to better the McLaren how can you possibly say the Ferrari is better ??? apart from the fact the McLaren is "Engineered" and not thrown together just﻿ to look 'nice' it is three cars in one, Ferrari is just two, working / broken.
Very nice video.Subaru is﻿ the best, fuck the evo
LOL! I want one too...my﻿ mini don'to do this!
I like the hatchback actually.﻿
i test drove one last saruday and i﻿ think im gonna sell my supra for this
Our cars ARE the best thing﻿ in the world... The best AWD system I've ever seen for a price that isn't over 35,000. Whats not to love!!
I love﻿ Subaru
Didn't you watch Top Gear? ﻿ The Subaru is faster. Do your research imbred swine.
The STi had the better﻿ track time. Now who looks like a fucking idiot.
I don't have an STi ASS!!! I like how you threw legend in there though. You've only seen the first half, seriously. IN the second the stig drives both and the STi gets the faster track time. I'm not trying to start an argument, the Subaru REALLY did get the faster track time. I think the Stig probably had a better feel for the car even though it was soft. DOESN'T MATTER CUZ 2009 IT'S﻿ STIFFER AND MORE POWERFUL BITCH!
this car is a must have for﻿ me
STI for﻿ ever. And commercial is good too
The STi actually looks pretty sweet in person. I've seen a few where I live and the biggest problem is the flashy tail lights. And the interior is really nice compared to the Evo's. A little expensive, but if it's too much the 2009 WRX is DEFENITLY worth﻿ a look. Just about the fastest thing in its price range and is only .1 second slower from 0-60 than an STi...
honda is good but subaru is﻿ better!!!
sti own﻿
funny! for sure subaru are made by engineers not by designers....these cars are efficient, practical and reliable. Subaru﻿ are made for drivers, not to show off
I love it! Also,﻿ sound of machine is so good.
I love that car soooo much. I would﻿ MAKE love to that car, lol.
they said the new hatchback body style was made for the with﻿ the rally in mind, there supposed to handle alot better.
lol gotta love the hood﻿ scoop
Turbo﻿ ftw!
fantastic car.﻿
i <3﻿ my subie
I love the car and﻿ the commercial.
I had an opportunity to drive both the 2007 and 2008 model STIs (pre and post facelift) and while the 2007 was a lot more powerful, it is completely useless for everyday driving. In fact, its excessive power detracted from the driving experience because there was no place where I could safely (or legally) open it up. The new one is (slightly) lower performance than it's predecessors, but for practical use﻿ (i.e. city driving) it strikes a much better balance than the previous STIs.
you guys are idiots. They Redesigned the body so that they would be able to be in more WRC classes! Ford, Peugeot,﻿ Citroen, and yes, even Subaru.
tru﻿ but idk i kinda started to like it now haha
im driving a 2006 STi, thats what I traded in the rx-8 for i really miss the 8 though i would give anything for that car back, the sti﻿ is powerful and super fast but i miss my rotary engine lol
when we get back man and you wanna sell it let me know I will buy it﻿ back from you, I will pay cash, I miss that car so much lol hows it running lately???
I wouldn't﻿ trade my rx for anything. Rotary powa!
Ehh, I've got the best of both worlds, my friend. I daily﻿ drive a WRX and have an FC3S chillin' in my garage this winter.
mazda fan but i like subaru,﻿ hate mitsu though.
that﻿ bird is the representation for all EVOs
You are such a moron. Now all EVO owners are going to come in here and start crying and arguing in this post. STI﻿ 1 Bird 0
Gotta love Subaru.﻿
Oh it goes much further than just﻿ cooling the turbo a lil...also makes for a colder, denser combustion and more horsepower:)
sexy car!!!!﻿ i love it!!!!
if you think it isn't a good rally car look up ken block's newer﻿ sti. and i was skeptical of the newer look, but i love it now, i prefer the 02-05 but this one is still amazing and VERY powerful.
I﻿ see some hope. It looks really sporty like the CRX.
Haha, by locking himself into payments for the rest of his﻿ life! XD Naw, but seriously- I went from a '94 Civic to a '03 Wrx after a year of saving my arse off. Needless to say, the patience was worth it and now- not to mention its paid off! >:)
The sti wouldn't lack power if it didn't have a top mount inter cooler, can you say heat soak! hot air﻿ = fail sauce! I still like sti's tho :P
ive actually﻿ known few subie people whos unfortunately sucked in sparrows and such into the hoodscoop while driving...i saw unfortunate because they told me when they picked up the remains the bird broke into pieces. sad. but still. sti = win.
My STi's﻿ hood scoop eats evo's
dont get a honda get a scooby﻿ haha nice one!!
You must be on drugs then. Mine sounds so much better with﻿ an HKS Full TBE.
I﻿ like the sedan look nice and more aggressive.. But need to robs a bank to buy one.
Great, I'll﻿ take 2.
One of the world﻿ most awesome cars!!
Holy suit what an epic video﻿ for such an epic car
with the 691 HP , V12﻿ and 6.5 L sure it will be like this one (amazing)
Got 5 of those, I give a way one if I﻿ get 200+ likes.
those italians can make﻿ a car
Not﻿ that bad. However, Lamborghini Murciélago is the best
I LOVE this car, I think I wanna cry Continue always like Lamborghini introductions so super ALWAYS CONTINUE THIS﻿ IS Lamborghini Who is designing this car thank you Does not stop CONTINUE TO ROAD
its a car like transformers !!!!!!!!﻿ agree pleas!!!
best car add﻿ ever!!!
epic car﻿
now i get it! lambos used to be hard on﻿ handlings now this add proves that this new lambo improves its new handling....
Reventon and Aventador look like turbojets and they give me massive boner :] probably if i drove one of them first time i would bleed from my dick, cum on windshield and crash :|﻿ i want them :] like i want﻿ pussy :):):)
that has got to be the dumbest commercial i have ever seen for the﻿ most amazing car in the world. the reveal is anti-climactic, the effects are pure cheeseball. and showing this car in the dirt and dirty???pure waiste of production dollars!!!
fast car﻿ in the world (without nitro or stuff)
Hell yeah i want one!!! I still like the﻿ Murciélago too! TO MUCH MONEY!!!! >:(
Best car ,﻿ best commercial , period.
even when the Aventador is dirty, it still looks than my car...﻿ washed.
The Mayans put something in peoples heads......mayans﻿ are stupid.......Love the car
So i guess this car has alot of HP,great﻿ Handling,tremendous acceleration, and it's dust-proof. :P
the first lamboghini without﻿ balance problems.... SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!!
OMIGAWD. I SO IN﻿ LOVE WITH AVENTADOR!!!! <3 <3 <3
i love the dust on﻿ the car ... awesome car
lanborghini﻿ aventador <3
That's if it where an reventon but this is the aventador wich is a fraction of the price and performes﻿ even better.. gotta love Lamorghini.
the things i would do﻿ for this car
I want one of these solely because dust doesn't seem to stick to them.﻿ Easy cleaning.
Im a ferrari fan in﻿ my opinion ferraris always been better than Lamborghinis but this car is something else the 458 and this one r my two favorite cars in the world
Don't feel bad... Some﻿ day you'll grow man enough to like Lamborghinis instead of gayrraris
THIS CAR MAKES PORSCHES AND FERRARIS TO LOOK LIKE THE BARBIE'S PINK BEETLE...﻿
This..... IS MY FAVORITE CAR﻿ IN THE WHOLE UNIVERSE!!!!!!!!! No matter what car comes after this one, the Lamborghini Aventador will be my favorite car and rule all of those Ferrari's and Porsche's!!!!!!!!
Sex﻿ on wheels!
Look at this man, faster and better!﻿ A great shape*
Good God this music sounds like a blatant rip off of Daft Punk's Tron Legacy and The Dark Knight's scores mushed﻿ into one. Great car though.
Love the﻿ Aventador...but I am going to miss the old Mucielago
Italians, you guys seriously﻿ have the "Style" in your genes. This car can not be described with words. Most agile looking car I have ever seen along with Reventon... Sick car really...
ladies and gentleman i give you : THE﻿ BEST CAR!
i like it, waiting for the update﻿ version.
why is﻿ the best looking honda???
its the best﻿ looking 2012 Honda
Can't wait to get my wife one of these.﻿ The rear tailgate load height is great for our heavy older lab with joint issues.
The video doesn't mention that, statistically, this is one of the most reliable﻿ cars out there.
I love my Honda Fit!﻿
I guess I was just referring to the MPG. I mean it wasn't to long ago that Honda was one of the MPG leaders but I'm not so sure of that anymore. This car should be getting well over 40MPG don't you think? I love﻿ Hondas I own 2 of them, but I feel that Honda is loosing it spark.
this would make a great car﻿ for North America is it were 25% bigger in every dimension.
This started out as a girl car but I love how over the years they've altered the design of the﻿ car to make it more unisex
hmmm Im no yaris fan but it gets better gas mileage 30/38 compared to the fits 28/35. Its also almost 1﻿ grand cheaper than the fit, and your saying it sucks cause the Fit has 11 more horsepower /5AT, look Im not going to get into a YouTube argument but the Yaris is a clear competitor to the Fit.
The Fit is really underated... go to fueleconomy.gov and most ppl do much better than the number suggest. You get what you pay for, if you wanna be cheap than﻿ go ahead and buy the Toyota. The Fit's real competitor is the Fiesta, the yaris competes more with all the cheap ppl who buy Versa's. Also, no other subcompact can touch the Fit's 57 cubic ft of cargo space, the fiesta and sonic may be fun to drive but they feel cramped inside compared to the spacious Fit.
well you﻿ have better view and you can stick your hand out the window and chill
I just purchase one of sports models. I am in a band am needed something under $20,000 that could fit my equipment with good gas millage. I felt this car was the best﻿ out there for the price.
The clutch takeup is hard to judge, but it can be mastered!﻿ Love my Fit!
until the Acura﻿ NSX shows up, this is the best vehicle Honda makes
I just bought that exact 2012 Fit sport in the video - same color and manual trans. It really is fun to drive and more spacious that it looks. I got used to the clutch real quick and the official mpg ratings are don't do it justice. I'm getting at least 31 city and 37 hwy (manually calculated). We tested the competition and on paper they might be slightly better in one way﻿ or another, but the overall package,build quality, reliability, and resale of the Fit was more than worth a few extra cash.
Chevy still owes U.S. taxpayers billions of dollars in bailout money that it never should have got in the first place. Buy the﻿ Honda.
I was debating the same thing.. I wanted to get the sonic hatchback because its more youthful looking as opposed to the fit. But the fit is a Honda is more reliable. I﻿ test drove the sonic and its pretty fast. But I'm only 20, so speed isn't a selling factor for me. I'm gonna get the fit due to reliability! And plus I own a 99 accord coupe and I love it! It has a lot of miles and I know that I will truly love the HONDA fit :) Good luck on your choice!
I CANT WAIT TO BUY A FIT! In Orange burst Metallic!!!﻿
I was able to get 44 MPG﻿ in my 2009 Fit by half-hearted attempts at hyper miling. I have a 2012 Fit now, I have gotten 40 MPG from that one. My normal MPG (with no effort to maximize mileage) is 35... the Fit gets a huge bum rap from the EPA.
I bought one, Orangeburst Sport, and it's great. I get compliments on the color all the﻿ time. Averaging 36mpg overall with the 5 speed auto.
Good to hear﻿ that the actual mileage is higher than alleged. The Fit is such a nice car. It would be a shame if its mileage were actually as low as the EPA claims.
I love this car. I have a 2010 white Fit sport with auto. I used it everyday to commute to work﻿ ( I drive almost 100 miles each day). It is also a great car for road trips with my wife and 2 year old. I can get 37 mpg combined city/highway, it is fun to drive and has lots of space.
Im probably gonna get hate for this, but my Fiesta can get 43-45 mpg on the freeway while going 80 miles per hour. I heard if you drive at 55 with the Fiesta you can get 55 mpg. I really like the Fit also, Im trying to get my sister to get one. I wish there was a car that was a mix between the Fit and the﻿ Fiesta.
I've had mine for a couple of months now and just love it. I got the gray metellic (Brushed Metal, I think they call it). It looks so much classier in that color than any of the other colors for some reason. The engine is very responsive and I﻿ can't help but drive fast in this thing! :)
you should try switching to premium fuel, you'll get﻿ even better mileage, it'll be save you more then the extra you spend on the gas.
did you test the fit? Obviously the fit beats the fiesta in regards to space in the back but I heard the engine performance is piss poor even compared to the Fiesta. What did you think? I'm getting a manual﻿ transmission also.
It depends on what you want the car for.﻿ The fit is a better people and cargo carrier and possibly more reliable. But the fiesta feels sportier and more fun to drive in my opinion. Test them﻿ both and get whatever you think you would like better.
Just got my Fit/Jazz, and I'm very pleased with it. Who ever designed this car really had﻿ their thinking caps on.
Pretty﻿ pricey
tell me what other car is that cheap? that is cheap for a new car u can find used﻿ ones with like 200 miles for 11-12k
This is a definition of a true city/commuter car. I'm gonna get the Fit Sport in a few years,﻿ doesn't matter the kind of transmission. Picking a color will be the only hard part. If I had a manual, I would have more fun driving the car and it will help on the hills.
ha! "reasonably cool"...﻿ says the guy wearing a button up dress shirt beneath a sweater... :) you know this car has sexy styling.
My roommate owns this car, I've﻿ driven it and can understand the feel and driving comfortably but the overall exterior look I hate I think it looks dinky and stupid. I love power which this car lacks, in a pinch I'd take it but personally i wouldn't drive it. I respect it for what it is, but it's not for me. It's nice to see all the love it has though.
I﻿ drove one and it was awesome.
LOVE THE TAIL﻿ LIGHTS!!!!
beautiful but add more hp, torque, awd/rwd and v6 engine other then that I LOVE﻿ IT 09 CIVIC AND OF COURSE THE NEW 2013
Honda, America would very much like the hatchback Civic that your sell in Europe to compete with the Focus and Cruze hatchbacks and Hyundai Elantra GT. Just saying...there's money to﻿ be made there.
We cannot wait to take﻿ a spin in this beauty! Honda constantly amazes...
Excellent commercial.﻿ Proud of you for recognizing when things need change, Honda.
They aren't obligated﻿ to do so, are they? Only the Mazda 3 beats the Civic in stock highway fuel economy in the class, FYI. Also, Honda cars tend to meet their EPA figures, unlike some other manufacturers.
Oh please, Hyundai has been mocking the exact models of several car companies for years now and ripping off Honda's designs has been their favorite approach. And Honda still makes a few very powerful engines and the purpose of their vtec engines are to have﻿ the option to drive the car slowly, low rev, high economy...or push the car to high rev, vtec, if you want to be more aggressive. Its the best of both worlds with Honda motors, the best engines on earth!
Before Ferruccio Lamborghini advanced to automotive manufacturing, it visited to Honda of Japan. Soichiro Honda showed the manufacturing system as production technology openly, and taught many to him. Honda is not an automobile company of profit pursuit. They are the groups of a researcher and an engineer. Honda is a company with﻿ original spirits and soul.
this is﻿ the finest Civic yet.
Honda you have and always will be ahead of everyone in the auto market best cars I've ever owned!!! And my new Si coupe comes in next week thank you HONDA﻿ for everything now bring back the s2000 and WE WANT TYPE R !!!!!
Isn't there a 290 diesel as well? I hear the﻿ engine is based off the MB engine of 1996 vintage, obviously with modern electronics. Probably why it is unbreakable.
seems like a great car for the money﻿
could be a viable winter beater here in the states...if it sold here in the﻿ states.
been waiting for dacia to come to the british market. they idea of affordable, solid﻿ cars seems to make a lot of sense in the current climate. of course, you wont get people leaving their mercs or bmw's to rush out and get one, but at the lower end of the market, i can see great success (in borat accent :p) for the brand
Have you been fidling with the mic settings, or is the Dacia a damn noisy car? If so: that would turn me off faster than the dealer could say "bollocks". Other than that?﻿ To me it looks quite alright, and seems to offer a hell of a lot for the money. Interesting car imo.
In Romania, Dacia Duster starts from 10500 euro for - 4x2, petrol engine 110HP. Logan is only 5900 in basic version. A good price for a new﻿ car with 120.000km warranty.
get used to it....we'll be seeing a lot of those arround it's﻿ price/quality ratio is damn good
@MindBullets2142 Part 1 : i drove one of them last two weeks.. i'm from the city where's made this car pitesti-mioveni [Romania] and i can say that Dacia Duster is awesome.. is based on comfort soo it had soft suspension. 1.5 85hp diesel engine is preety slow,﻿ but because car's light, it's ok. in off-road i think is good because is high and angles sounds goood, better than rav4 and most of competitors, as vw tiguan, skoda yeti, suzuky sx4...
@mindbullets2142 part 2: as price WOW that's the most interesting part: is cheaper than any of competitors..﻿ with a lot of Euro. full option it's almost.. 17 500 Euro. as fiability, dacia also made models Logan and Sandero. those models are known as fiable cars [dacia produced cars from romanian people to romanian people. Romania have bad infrastructure :), soo cars should be resistant.] that's about duster.. in all i think is a good car :)
i have seen a clip of the﻿ off road performance of this car... it would put to shame alot of SUV's .. i dont find it a very nice thing to look at but guess for this amount of money its ok
I really like the exterior styling, the front reminds me of a Lincoln SUV(the one based on the Ford Edge)﻿
This is the first﻿ good-looking Dacia, and it actually looks quite nice, if only it had a bit more power (at least 100 hp). This car, even though mostly engineered by Renault, makes me proud to be a Romanian.
It's the opposite﻿ of what the video said.. but I believe it isn't very heavy.. actually it's less than 1.3 tons.
The optional 4x4 system is borrowed straight from the﻿ Nissan Qashqai, so should prove to be reliable and robust. The looks seem to take a few styling cues from both the Nissan X-Trail and Pathfinder, which is no bad thing, it's hard not to like this car apart from the ridiculous name.
I saw this at the Geneva show and was really impressed with it. It is, as someone below said, hard not to like. For life at the end of a track in the Highlands or Wales where ruggedness and traction are more important than all-out off-roading it will make a﻿ convincing choice.
oyu really should read what i posted old son,the original Dacia duster WAS a old Renault 12 but worse!﻿ the new one is ok to look at but i am not holding high hopes for it!
normaly i hate cheap cars but somehow i﻿ love the dacia duster :D i want one
For the price﻿ is a good option.
everybody﻿ hate cheap cars but if no money is the way to go so is a great car for the money.
This is fantastic SUV if you consider its price. Finally there is a good﻿ looking, reliable, roomy and affordable SUV on the market. I hope they do not increase pricing due to its success, also I hope they will add some safety features (ESP, more airbags etc.)
In Germany the car is on market since April this year. Now (30th May) you must wait until January next year when you order now. So i think it will have the same success in the UK. Only the colors are....boring.﻿ two types of blue, white, black, grey, brown and then end
"GOOD NEWS! The Dacia Duster WILL﻿ be sold in the UK!"
Nice car...﻿
i'm from romania and the basic duster costs 10.500 euros what you said in pounds﻿ is almost 13k euros,do your math next time :) and this is a good,balanced car for the basic needs,it does not meant to be a luxury car,it's a LOW-COST production car and the problem is that everyone got used to BMW's Mercs,audi quality,this is no bmw,this is a low cost car and it is enough,not more,simple good car,not great,not perfect,good.
that's cause they are being bought by allot of ppl,i've been to the Mioveni factory﻿ in Romania (cause i live there) to see how it's produced,and believe me,they are doing their job well,and i'm not saying that because i live in romania,but because it really is the truth,ppl are buying dusters faster than we can produce it.
GREAT NEWS! THE﻿ DACIA DUSTER! anyway, let's move on...
If the Logan was a succes this will be more than a succes i don't even know how﻿ to call it...
I will oder the car BASIC﻿ because of the budget we have. Low budget! But great family car with 5 years of guarantee and great reviews. I've seen the car in real. My friend has a Duster 1.5 for 12 weeks now. He is very happy with it! Looks of a car are very personal. For me it is moving us from A to B. With that in mind, and 3 kids it is it is a good investment.
It'll give the Koreans some competition﻿
not﻿ looking bad, and great value
I know﻿ its weird but I like the design of this car. It's so... honest.
I appreciate the interest this car has among you, fellow﻿ watchers... as a person that had worked on this car I may say that it had surprised me with it's ability to surpass the day to day obstacles on the road (have driven 80km/h + on forest road with no problem); for those in need of unnecessary luxury pack, please pay attention to my remark: if the car is so bad, why the conscious westerners are so mad about it? (the same for other DACIA models).
The best car that﻿ money can buy at that price because as that dude said you can throw whatever at it it will handle it's designed to do that,it's designed for bad roads and no roads,it's designed to carry more than cu think it can carry,it is designed to be as almost cheap as possible. i'm almost sure you can fix anywhere with a hammer,screwdriver and some steel wire so will carry on more. It is designed ROMANIA. LOG LIVE DACIA!!!!!!!!!!!!
, AGREED DECIA IS﻿ A VERY GOOD CAR SENT TO INDIA IN LOGANS GARB THROUGH MAHINDRA. NOW BITH MAHINDRA AS WELL AS RENAULT HAD DISOWNED IT. WHERE SHOULD THE PROUD OWNERS OF DECIA / LOGAN GO
the 1.5﻿ dci engine is the best and most reliable so hope the rest is as good ,goood luck dacia
Did a journey from UK to Bulgaria and then﻿ France over Xmas and new year and saw lots of these cars in most of the counties except Germany, I had a close look in France and it seems an intelligent design and very well made, lets hope we see them over here.
dacia﻿ duster is amazig .... well done ROMANIA
Bring this to the UK now. Every month you don't is more missed opportunity. I for one will definitely be getting one as soon as they come out. 105bhp diesel model for me with the selectable 4 wheel drive. One of these or a base model fiesta, no contest, Duster all the way. And i think, unlike jukes, qashqai's and freelanders, this will appeal to men. It looks as robust and as chunky as a tonka toy. And us men﻿ love a tonka toy. This truly is the thinking man's 4X4.
Actually this﻿ car looks just fantastic. Very muscular body. I like it :D
Its﻿ the 'renault duster' in India and I thimk its going to be pretty succesful here.
But the Scorpio's ride and ergonomics are terrible. The﻿ Duster feels more car-like to drive that the Scorpio.
The mahindra scorpio (goa) is nowhere near as economical and its emissions are really high, because it's much heavier and has to have a much larger engine, which means it costs more to run and more to tax in Britain. No to mention it will cost more than the Duster since there's so much more material that makes it up: It weighs 2.5 tons! My personal opinion: It feels dated, and distincly 90's in design. And why are you comparing anyway? They're not even the same type of car! 2* euroncap duster 3*﻿
my younger﻿ brother has one and it is FWD
Cant wait for the new card board﻿ cutouts of this at my local KIA dealer! Yeah!
I love my Kia Soul and I love the speakers with the tweeter package and my car goes pretty fast. Thank god for cruise control,﻿ otherwise I would get a ton of speeding tickets.
I love Kia. I am a single mother of﻿ three from﻿ three babydaddys and is hauls my famly around real well. Yall even took my crappy credit. My only complaint is that the custom shop sez I cant fit 22" wheels on my Soul.
well it seems that the kia soul has the﻿ package with the flux capacitor. SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY I WANT IT!!!!!
This looks like a very presentable and unique car. I might just buy﻿ one
Love KIA and there take on advertising. Super fresh...entertaining...humurous...and edgy. I hope they as well as others like my "In My﻿ Mind" Contest video entry =D
every KIA gets better﻿ and better
I'd like to shake it with﻿ a hammie. I love that towards the end of the ad, they say 'optional features shown'. So is time travel an optional feature? This car is a bargain, people!
I love this﻿ car.
I'm﻿ in love with this car, I want it so bad .
When my mom saw this commercial she went write to Kia and bought that exact looking one with the led and the crazy speakers!! Kia your cars are the﻿ best!!
great review. the MC coupe looks great but i'll buy the Aston﻿ Martin v8 vantage if i had that kind of money
i dont care if I loose some stability in turns, id love to drop the﻿ top on the convertible and just listen to that engine / exhaust
Buy the Porsche for performance Buy the Maserati for the beauty ﻿
What's up with the M3's horrible engine note? Or the fact that it has a pitiful ammount of torque for a 4 liter V8? Or the fact that A Mustang can beat that? The simple answer is that no M3 will ever look as fantastic as this, or ever﻿ be this luxurious. Plus the M3 just sounds terrible and this doesn't
Interior very outdated? Then how do you compare the M3 to this? Or a Ferrari? Last time I checked the M3 was a good handling car with a decent interior which cost about 80K and﻿ the cheaperst Ferrari was over 200K and has an even worse nav system. Just look at the interior, there's no way this is outdated especially when comparing an M3. Like I said before, much better looking, much better sounding, and much more torque.
i know for the price its not﻿ fast, but fuck its beautiful
This looks gorgeous, but it's over $100K more than a Mustang GT 5.0 that's just﻿ as fast and loud.
Porsches look﻿ great. Not as gorgeous as the Maseratis of course, but still awesome
slow and expensive. But I would buy it for the sound.﻿ lol
0-60 4.5 (4.8 is just a manufactures clams. for ex. 911 turbo s does 0-60 in 2.7 sec, but manufactures claims 3.1 so same here) also 1/4 mie﻿ 12.4 sec. 187 mph (302 kmh) not bad! How is this SLOW!!!??? if you had this car u would beat 99.9% cars you would see around you! SO?? come on.... it is not a bugatti but it is a very fast car
ok who the fuck cares which is faster maseratis fast maye faster and maybe not as fast idc you would buy this because of its looks﻿ and interior and that it is fast ( obiously other cars are faster but still) imagine how many girls youd get driving this.... :)
Maserati is making a strong improvement in the quality of the interior and the Maserati Granturismo S has no way inferior to the interiors of the DB9, which sometimes show﻿ excessive derivation from Volvo-Ford.
Maserati and Aston Martin are the most beautiful cars on﻿ the market. I'd just buy both :) And for the Porsche, well.... I think for that price a Used Gallardo would be better... :P
444hp... there are a lot more better cars for the money out there (GTR, 911﻿ turbo).. but this is a good looking car.
i will say only this and only once:Maserati was wining races when Enzo Ferrari was still a small children...all the engines of the Maserati are produced in Ferrari factory and the only difference is that Ferrari is the big sister so all the engines of Maserati are limited to a inferior power of a Ferrari,but believe me...4,7 L﻿ of Maserati can do better than 444hp only if Ferrari wouldn't be the big sister!!!
This Trident GT has something that is missing from every super and hyper﻿ cars...that V8 GROWL THAT SOUNDS LIKE IT CAME FROM THE PITS OF THE DEMON'S GATE! It has a ferrari engine but that V8 is just orgasmic!
this car is worth all the money in my opinion. i live in the city so the performance will not really be THAT important.traffic n all dat.but it ll be nice if you are cruising on a highway.the police will be after me hahaha.i will buy this car.im saving $ 5000 every month in 2012 so by the end of﻿ the year ill buy the 2013 model.
I love﻿ maserati
my dream car,﻿ F430 best ferrari
but its a nice car﻿
yes Lambo was faster and they still﻿ have models that are faster than a Ferrari but the Lambo is vulgar and you will look like a ass hoe driving one ....
i love the ferrari f 430 i want this in all black booyah﻿ !!!
What﻿ a machine!
Blimey.. 10,000 for the brakes O.O 5/5﻿ beautiful she is
What a car. To bad﻿ I'm not interested *yet* in selling my house, my children, and robbing a bank. Yet.
coolest Ferrari ive ever seen!Must be a horn switching gears using nothing﻿ else but your fingers...
Its nice but is it me or does it have a﻿ wierd shape?
Beautifull car , Bit outve my price range but if i won the﻿ lotto ... Id be buying one straight away . Shame the vidoes jerky , Spoils it slightly
my favorite ferrari﻿
Saw a 2006 F430 for sale in London for £60,000. Just 25000 miles﻿ done & in perfect condition. Mmmmm nice.
it is a﻿ nice car but the seats are kinda hard it's a nice drive though
nice car, too﻿ expensive
No clutch, no need for leg,﻿ no problem! hahaha good stuff!
I agree﻿ that the looks aren't the best. But, God, that sound...
I actually﻿ really like the way it looks...
the back half﻿ of it looks good. and ahha aha that guy is funny
I like﻿ the way this car looks and sounds. It looks and sounds better than the new 458. Unfortunately, the 430 nor the 458 sound as good as the 360.
I have been in a Ferrari F430 and I must say it`s one of the best feelings I`ve ever had. The﻿ launch control is immense!!
its engine music not noise my friend!! :) but i﻿ agree!! very nice!!!
seriously though i dont care if i get the cheapest ferrari cause﻿ in the eye of the general public its awesome and when they see you driving people just say "ooh nice a ferrari" so yeah
the prancing horse at its﻿ best!
in my opinion it looks better than the﻿ 458 italia
Ferrari ,, it's the first love ..﻿
It's a ferrari, what do you expect, it's staggering,﻿ no words can describe it....
Both nice but﻿ Lambo wins hands down.
that sound﻿ make my horny!!!!!!!!!!
f430 best best... my friends﻿ father have f430.. i have tested what a superb drive thart was
nice﻿ car oooooO
Nice﻿ car but I will not buy it, as I do not go to airport runways very often.
the﻿ f430 is perfect, especially the Novitec supercharged version
One of the most beautiful cars﻿ ever made, IMO...
Does anyone know the name of the song played from 1:47 to﻿ 2:45? I prefer the 458 Italia, but this 430 looks nice.
This is the last Ferrari with a Manual﻿ gearbox :(
I'm a huge Porsche fan, it's the love of my life. But... but... this Ferrari﻿ has always made me squirm. It's gorgeous, really is.
No car has such a beautiful engine noise as a Ferrari. But the maintenance costs - always wondered why you see so many low mileage old Ferraris. Then I learned. A mechanic friend of mine who works on them said just an 80s Testarossa - 30K service - $10,000. They have to pull the engine on it for starters. oo bad they can't combine the soul of a Ferrari﻿ with the maintenance requirements of the Germans. Still expensive - hate to price a modern Turbo Porsche - but I am sure not $10,000.
beautiful car but too bad they're not﻿ worth purchasing. It'll cost a arm and a leg if you even get a slight ding in the body.
he said that it didn't look that good I think it was﻿ NICE
I don't understand why Top Gear dislikes the look of this car. I agree when they﻿ say the 612 and 599 aren't that gorgeous, but I consider this to be one of the most gorgeous Ferraris in existence!
I agree. The Scuderia is one of the best looking Ferraris ever made in my opinion. I also don't get how people say that the F40 is so good looking. It's just super blocky and robotronic﻿ looking, not curvy and sexy like earlier Ferraris
proud to have﻿ that Engine sound as my ringtone
Probably gods﻿ own supercar
lol at JC having a crisis. Epic car though, so i'd probably have a crisis﻿ too!
Dream car Ferrari﻿ F430.
This﻿ car is beautiful! I would love to drive one!
It's epic. Fantastic car - the most beautiful Ferrari﻿ ever build.
I think that﻿ this is the MOST beautiful Ferrari EVER. Nice price tag for a Ferrari to boot
Yes this has to be Farraris epic﻿ moment......AGAIN!!! Dump the Bridgstones.....get teh uber Pirelli tires!!
It's decently pretty, but the new 458 Italia is, in my opinion, the most gorgeous one.﻿
that Ferrari looks evil and awesome﻿
Well, it's not like a Porsche which is a mass produced super car with the advantage of mass produced cars; cheaper to keep. I think a Ferrari clutch goes for £ 30 000. I've heard from mechanics that when﻿ a Ferrari is in for service, the engine is as good as worn out.
Ferrari F430 is the cheapest Ferrari???? I﻿ like the looks of it more than the other types.
cst - comite suicide today xD nice ferrari cant wait till they try the﻿ italia
The 430﻿ is astonishing.
super car,my﻿ dream
my fav ferrari of them all. i dont know why, it just is. stunning.﻿
It may not be the fastest﻿ but the sound and the look are EXCELLENT!!!
this is the﻿ best sounding car ever..
Look at the family of﻿ mid-engined v8 ferraris; the F-40, F-355, 360, this, and the 458. Ferrari is doing the same thing as porsche; perfecting their design.
the f430 was the last﻿ good lookin ferrari...
What﻿ a car...
what a wondefull car is it this is﻿ more then a car why dont we find it on other name ??? i like the price the speed, the seats breaks what a fantastic car eeeeeeeew
of course i've seen it. I Thought that the 458 was a need model but not﻿ replacing the awesome f430.... the 458 is awesome but so is the f430. the f430 always had a place in my heart
Best﻿ supercar ever in my opinion.
This is one of the funnest super cars﻿
i have seen 3﻿ of these yesterday its soooo good looking
I didnt know it had 4﻿ seats! Gorgeous car and by far, my favorite ferrari
best car﻿ too!
i love this fucking car .. no lambo﻿ . no mercedez this car is my fucking dream !
truly 1 of the﻿ best cars ever built. beats any Lambo, benz, porsche, even most pagani's. and they got a great replacement for it!!!!
the F430 forever... One of﻿ the best cars Ferrari has ever made...
mercedes ain't got﻿ nothin' on FERRARI!!!!!!
the best car ferrari comes out with one car and it just demolishes any other car until they come out﻿ with another car
The 458 is a much﻿ better car than this, but I still have a soft spot for this f430 aswell I can't really explain it. :P
u wish:)))the only good one in BMW is the M3 and that's it﻿ but i rather buy an EVO 8 or 9...u heard what clarkson said: they're way WAY beyond anyone else...cut the bullshit man don't talk about BMW just because they have very very good engines...
I'm afraid you﻿ didn't write that correctly. I think what you meant to say was: BMW aint shit compared to Ferrari. Seriously, I don't want to bash BMW but it's just not at that level nor is it arrogant enough to claim to be at that level. Similarly, Ferrari would never want to sell the amount of volume that BMW sells. They are very different companies and cars.
what a Ferrari 430 is 48k are you serious =))))))))) thts﻿ the car of my dreams
Even after the 458,﻿ I love this car.
this﻿ is my favorite car ever, id like to own one someday
The Best SuperCar﻿ Ever......
this is a nice﻿ car and all but justin beiber has one so that automatically makes it gay
not﻿ the prettiest video ever made? this car is BEAUTIFUL
I drove a Ferrari 430, and I jizzed in﻿ my pants :D
The F430 is my favourite car.﻿
3:38 it looks﻿ as if it's rearing back like a horse... lol, the ferrari guys did choose their symbol well...
holy crap. really!? im 14 and i want one sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much! Its my absolute FAVORITE car in the world, my dad has a boxter S but i want him to sell it and but one of these. Personally i think its the best looking of the ferraris and﻿ all ferraris should be red- no offense, it just looks really good in red! Is there a backseat of some sort?
this review should give you an idea how ridiculous the 458 is since they compared it to a 430﻿ and it ---- all over it.
one great car, one﻿ mindblowing review.... TOP GEAR THE BEST!!!!
I love it . I saw one this past friday the 10﻿ I got to sit in it it's the first Ferrari I've sat it was awesome
that's﻿ my absolutely #1 favorite ferrari... front license plate looks stupid though.
Cheapest but one of the﻿ best
still one of the﻿ best sportscars in the world
Says﻿ the guy how cant afford one. The car is amazing, and for the record, I have one.
Here are the cons about the LFA, its heavier, its slower and it cost much more. And lastly how many races have Lexus won? How many have Ferrari won? hmmm I'll take the car that has the most winning-est history vs the car that doesnt really﻿ even race... come on people...dont hate
my favorite supercar no dought﻿
love how easy it is to change gears﻿
shame to replace this﻿ beauty with pos 458
I love this ferrari, its very pretty and ive been in one :) Im just so dissapointed Jeremy formed a dislike to the F430 when he reviewed the 458﻿ which of course is also brilliant.
my﻿ favorite Ferrari <3
am i the﻿ only one who thinks that the F430 is actually INCREDIBLY pretty? :D
No. I WILL own one of these... and I think it is absolutely gorgeous! :) If my﻿ wife wouldn't divorce me, I think i would make an audio track of its sick exhaust symphony to go to sleep by..
I'm sorry but I like this a lot more﻿ than a 458
i don't doubt it's excellence. the more expensive cars seem to just be naturally heavier. giving up the fluff and some luxuries﻿ can land you with a stripped down but superb vehicle. although i'm positive it's expensive.
oh and it's awesome having an appropriately loud car, i hate to admit﻿ it but it's pretty fun with a ricer every now and again.
woooow ferrari﻿
love the f430 so i do, just to bad Jeremy changed his views on it when he reviewed the﻿ 458 :(
I had take the FerrARI f430 sCUDERIAany DAY COMPARED TO THE buGGATI EVEN IF i COULD BUY﻿ IT...
This car still owns. The 458 and even the new FF look a little lost in translation ...for lack of a better term. Seems like ever since Schumacher retired from F1 Ferrari has become more like Porsche,﻿ Porsche, as always, remained Porsche, and Lamborghini has become more like Ferrari?? Anyone feel the same. Another awesome vid by TG btw.
its the ost﻿ gorgeous ferrari besides the 458 i think
i want one so much!!!!! My﻿ favorite Ferrari ever
I prefer this﻿ over the 458.
i agree with you. this sounds better,﻿ and most important, it's not as sharp loooking as the 458
know what? u﻿ haave your opinion i will have mine, i think this is one of the mos beautiful cars ever made, same with enzo and 458. Not so much the 599, its ok, but a little plane. All i see when i look at this car is "speed"
The 430 in my opinion is so much better than﻿ a 458
i got to﻿ sit in an f430 spyder dang they're SO COMFORTABLE.
Take that back present Si idles deeper and sounds deeper when cruising, Ferrari is a bit high strung. Si makes more﻿ music. And by no means am I comparing the performance of these two cars.
never EVER compare a civic si to a ferrari. but to answer honda employs their race inspired engineering from their F1 cars like ferrari does. however﻿ ferrari does not make compromises for performance when honda almost always does.
She's cold hearted,﻿ by I love her.
She's﻿ cold hearted, but I love her.
I sat in one of these couple of weeks﻿ ago:) very nice car but my favorite car at that place (zolder) was the Carrera gt. second one was the am one-77
one of the best ferrari's of all time.﻿
FERRARI F430 will win all english﻿ cars by open distance.it is the fact.inform comment to F430, look at cars.may be in order one of them. ASTON? dont make laugh me. BENTLEY? that to flow pampers to botanists. iam not Ferrari admirer. Simply i say correctly.
my fav﻿ car!!!
This car was Amazing...﻿ until the 458. :D
I have﻿ one and I do love it. It is a great car...
Also I've co owned a F430 Spider since April and it's not perfect at all; Auto mode is shocking, radio is shit, steering is too light, the rear lights are poorly fitted, the battery life is too short (4 days max), it's SO slow when the engine is cold, and I've just had﻿ to spend £1600 on a new clutch after 20k miles. Although I do love the car, nothing gives a rush quite like it on its day.
My﻿ Favorite Car in GT5
i drove that one , in vegas on a track 10 laps, got﻿ out with the biggest smile ever.
forget the 458 I'll have the f430﻿
i actually would want the f430 over 458, it doesn't﻿ look as show off. It looks just right, not to much or to little.
Maybe I'm crazy but I think this looks much better﻿ than the 458.
this car is amazing but a﻿ v12 in it would make it 10 times better
the F430 is actually very cheap today...i found a few for under 100 grand.﻿
first he's like "the f430's epic!!!", then he's like, "the f430﻿ looks a bit wrong", then he's like, "its the idiots ferrari!"... just shows how ferrari keeps getting better with the years!
This is the car that a few years back when I found out﻿ my neighbor owned one, sat in it, and went for a ride, I knew that I would never be happy until I owned one. Sigh.... I'm never gonna be happy.
Saw one at a diner. Took pics, and fell back in love﻿ with Ferrari. So nice in real life
the f430 is better﻿ than the 458 and the reason is... manny tranny option thats all there is too it
Thumbs up if you think the F430 is﻿ prettier than the 458!
Ha. I saw one of these on the road, or more like a parking lot. Very﻿ cool. I bet 25 cents it was a 430. I'm now rich.
god, i just booked a test drive at a local track with this car for this summer.. it'll be the best day of my life﻿ !!!
is it okay that﻿ i like this car more than the 458 italia?
The﻿ Ferrari F430 is a beauty, but kinda a ripoff
Race monster.﻿
i think﻿ that the f430 is prettier than the 458!
The F430 was the last to offer a normal manual gearbox to my﻿ knowledge. Which is a shame. If i were to buy a Ferrari I would love it to have a manual gearbox.
F430 is prettier than﻿ all other ferraris
From the back it's﻿ amazing looking
This is whitout a doubt the best car i have ever driven, if you buy this car you will never need a better one, perfectly balanced, it﻿ feels lika a tru race car, i hope to get one for me and my brother soon, if you have the oppertunity to get one, do it =)
i would say the -47 125s. or maybe the -57 250 TR. but the GTO is﻿ not far behind. but every Ferrari is beutiful in its own way......... FERRARI <3
My friend owns one of these and he let me drive it yesterday. Most amazing thing I've ever driven... And I'll never be able to﻿ afford one :(
True, but on﻿ the road you can't use the car to 100% of its potential. Nowhere near it. But you'll always be able to enjoy being in the prettier car if you have the 430.
I always liked the 430 until i heard that biebs got one, now i think of slashing the tires to every one﻿ i see...
the 458 is sweet but considering its 300k and you can get one of these for 100k used on autotrader﻿ I think this is the better buy
The 458 is beautiful, but the 430 and﻿ 360 scream!
low noses look awesome i wouldn't want a box shape﻿ in front of any ferrari
Probably not the﻿ most powerful Ferrari,but I think it's the coolest and the most incredibly lively Ferrari ever.
Other than Ferrari F355,I personally think Ferrari F430 is the coolest and the most incredibly lively Ferrari. Perhaps,it isn't the most﻿ powerful Ferrari but it's so alive.
The F430 still looks gorgeous! Still an amazing car in every way...and now it's priced﻿ to sell!
i think its pretty look at the smile on it! 😃 And its also SO FREAKIN SMOOTH that﻿ airodynamics is not a problem
Best modern ferraris: 1-﻿ F40 2- 458 3- F430 The enzo is shit imo.
I drove﻿ the 430 spider today. Magical.
James May was right- except with the Transmission :) The manual one is an absolute joy to use! Here´s﻿ proof: "youtu.be/n5etGmBQu3I"
this is my dream car, and its getting﻿ cheaper and cheaper o yah!~
If the F430 is﻿ the idiot's Ferrari, I'll gladly be an idiot.
idc what he says about this after the 458 came out, i still have a soft spot in my heart for this beauty :'}﻿
I have a polo from 1997 and im nearly 18 love it to bits, it's only a﻿ 1 litre, but small but tough
I've just had my﻿ 2nd daughter today and this video is beautiful and has brought a tear to my eye. Shame we just got rid of our little Polo for a MPV (a type of car I hate).
WHY I LOVE﻿ POLOS! /watch?v=z1aw2PfhpQ4
Thank you VW, for the father positive commercial! It's great to see when companies use a sense of personal moral integrity to get out their messages. I don't own a VW, but I do only buy from ethical﻿ companies. I will remember you.
@cdjk123 german cars are good﻿
Goddam ad men make such great ad music! Why couldn't an artist make it so it would be released? However I do like the new polo's & its a beautiful ad so I forgive them. Good work employing whoever made VW.﻿
beach﻿ house is fer norms\\\VW is rad.
Nice car but never mind the car, the father daughter﻿ situation in this ad makes you cry.Well done.
"We greatly respect﻿ the talent of Beach House and never set out to replicate a specific song of theirs or anyone else's." - VW Yeah....right.
I LOVE﻿ my Cross Polo (my third one :-) )
VW for﻿ life x
great advert and car this advert﻿ tells it what family should be like
THE BEST CAR EVER SINCE I WAS 5 I WAS﻿ RAISED IN A VOLKSWAGEN NOW IN 33 I HAVE ONE OF MY OWN ITS A WAY OF LIVE.VW GERMAN ENGINEERED
VOLKSWAGEN. PROBABLY THE MOST FAMOUS BRAND IN﻿ THE PLANET.
god this is a clever ad! My dad had a little white polo when I was just born, now progressed to his SUVs, but now I'm hitting﻿ the roads this is creepily familiar for us! Went for an old school mini instead tho :) its just better!
Nice review! Allways had a soft spot for Ssangyong. I think their cars are pretty ok﻿ to look at too. theres a Rexton and a Rodius near me both in black with aftermarket alloy wheels. they both look good to me.
Those Ferrari's sound amazing! Loved﻿ it!
Ferrari is the best﻿ car in the world, no other car can compare to it
Go Ferrari (and Wollongong/Stanwell Park - Australia [shown﻿ on coastal bridge])
this advert is way better than that shitty﻿ mclaren vodafone shit! Ferrari has something no other F1 Team has, Class, (proper)History and Passion!
that﻿ noise wen the ferrari downshifts is so coo
5 stars﻿ FERRARI champion forever
OMFG!! no comments.. the engine´s sound is﻿ so exciting!!
i love this commercial. the sounds of the engine is﻿ just music to my ears.
God Bless﻿ F1.
Best﻿ commercial ever..i LOVE it!..God Bless Ferrari, bellisimo!!
INCREDIBLE audio,﻿ forget the shots :) I could listen to this all day long. It is too bad I have never seen this on TV (unlike the also-good Mazdaspeed Motorsports commercial).
The sound is so beautiful.How I wish I can at least﻿ touch the body and smell the smoke of a FERRARI!!!!
Man!! That sound it makes in Brazil﻿ is kuh-razy!!!
A couple thoughts: Beautiful ad; Love all the﻿ cars but the first one and the second one (60's with the white "spaghetti" exhaust) are the most beautiful. The deep rumble of the first one is gorgeous - like music.
That car in Brazil is the F310 B, and it used a V10 engine too. The last Ferrari﻿ V12 engine was used in 1995 in the 412 T2. I love that sound.
This will teach us all to: 1) fix our own engines as kids. 2) save our money till we can buy one cash! 3)﻿ leave the garage door open as we listen to our new ENGINE!-love it!
what a fuckin awsome soud﻿ of the last one
Nice﻿ cars! nice video!
the best engine sound is that﻿ one in italy, the colissium in italy...i love that sound :D
To drive in a Ferrari is my dream forever!﻿ The third car made an amazing sound!!!
Ohhh I love the '67 312! And the one after that sounds fantastic! I﻿ know it's an early flat 12, 1969? Which one is it exactly?
:D The sound at about 0:50:00﻿ = HEAVEN
ferrari﻿ man!
holy shit, ME too.. swear gave me goosebumps as well.. this is beautiful machinary, at its﻿ best
The﻿ sound of that Ferrari at :55 makes my eyes well up. Curious how the sound of a powerful machine can create an emotional response. Best gas commercial ever.
The second car is just amazing. Low and wide, and that sound﻿ was absolutely awesome until I heard the 1970 312b2. I'm guessing the 5th car was Schumacher?
That was a great advert. Forza Ferrari Screw the environment to be﻿ fair, Formula 1 for the win
It looks and sounds great but as far﻿ as a drivers car enthusiasts seem to hate it. Can't comment though I've never driven any!
Lovvvvve﻿ the F310(?) in Rio.
Love that noise... simply﻿ beautiful!
they know that they don't need to put music! =]﻿
STILL gives me chills everytime I watch this!! Ferrari﻿ is true automotive & Formula 1 passion.
Gives me chilles every﻿ time!!! Ferrari is the best. copy and paste if you agree
ferrari =pure pure﻿ sex
i love the revs at 0:31 0:55 1:18﻿ and 1:36 Pure Evolution
Every music in this commercial would destroy this beautiful﻿ sound.
No matter how many times I watch this ad,﻿ I dont get tired of it... I just wish it was longer - the clip showing the making of it is interesting too. Anything Ferrari is just... Ferrari...is fantastic.
music italian﻿ V12
If one of those past me on the street, I'd﻿ go into cardiac arrest.
my favourite is﻿ the second ferrari
The Number 4 car at 0:52 sounds amazing. Gives me goosebumps﻿ every time I hear it.
goddamn, those sounds... !! idea!! compile some of them into a 30 clip, put it on an ipod, and use it as your alarm!!! never late for work again!!!!!!﻿
beautiful sound and﻿ beautiful design
my favourite one﻿ is the one from the 60's great sound I love it.I wish we could hear that simphony again and again
The very best engine﻿ sounds ever!!!!!I wish I had a Ferrari!
The﻿ Ferrari 312 is such an amazing sounding car even now...wow.
oh my God ,﻿ just awesome FERRARI music ! 10\10
The #4 Ferrari sounds the﻿ best....
This sound(s) is﻿ SO much better than any fart piped Honda.
Nr﻿ #1 and #2 sounds are the best! Real raw engine sounds!
the sound,﻿ the smell and the feel of these cars... nothing is better, how can people drive toyotas with a battery inside, fuck is wrong with this world
that sound﻿ makes every man turn his head
damn what an amazing commercial ! Very beautiful cars and the﻿ sound is eargasm !
this is the most﻿ Amazing commercial of a Formula One Car ever!I Love It!
the car at 0:50 with that orgasm maker V8﻿ is just incredible... i put a straight cut drop gears in my car,, and it screams kinda like that formula 1 car.. kinda cause nothing can tip that sound
0:53-1:07 i﻿ love that sound
wow i love the 2﻿ and 3rd car ( srry i cant remeber which years those were im thinking 1970s 60s?) by far my favourite commercial gets me soooo pumped
" FERRARI " The name spells﻿ WOW !!! Super-cars, Super sexy Formula One beauties and the Superstars - Ferrari California and Ferrari Italia. Ferrari fans check out this video.
F1 = sexiest sound known to man! (well that and the slow surging of﻿ a super charged, huge cam American v8 at idle)
If I had a choice between slamming 10 of the﻿ hottest models on earth or driving in just one of those cars for ten minutes...I'd take the car
I work for Shell﻿ and I love it.
OMG! The third car in the video, the one with the number 4 on the front, would be worth every last dollar, no matter how expensive it is. Id﻿ pay $10,000,000 just for the sound that thing makes. That has to be the best sound ever uttered from an engine. Hands Down.
il spagetti mafia Italianii make some nice﻿ cars
That #4 car just sends chills, reminds me of the﻿ Glen in the '70's
Nothing can compete with Ferrari or this commercial... ﻿
shell is great for your daily driver, but﻿ makes a shitty racing fuel
3rd ferrari onwards is music to my﻿ ears!!!
what car﻿ is it a 0:50 awersome sound
What﻿ was the third to last car? Sounded amazing <3
this gives me goosebumps.. i mean it gives me goosebumps and a hard on..machines like that are the definition of power﻿ !
The﻿ latter part of this video has nice Ferrari F1 cars...since 2009+ the F1 cars are ugly and wimpy-looking.
The F1 made﻿ a tear come down my face beautiful sound.
0:41﻿ love that dif lock
0:41 gotta love that﻿ diff brake
The mine at﻿ 1:17 ahahaha Ferrari is epic!
That REALLY made me ROFL. I was thinking like "OK... dude's gonna pull off some crazy moves or something... this is gonna be awesome!" - Seems like there IS such﻿ a thing as "too awesome" xD On the plus side, now i want this car in Trackmania ^__^ Loved the eagle sound synchronized with the opening doors.
Dude there's nothing ugly about this car﻿ at all. The only ugly thing about it is the retarded barrel roll this moronic commercial was built around.
Respect the resurection﻿ of a legend.
there is no sexier model from﻿ mercedes these days ;) and by 'years ago' you probably mean about 60 years?
this car is and will be﻿ a legend. mercedes builts the most beautiful in the world. just look at the new W01
"Beyondthepack" ... Is sooooooo jealous of us that own a Benz (me = 500SL), he can drive to his rooster fight in his Honda Civic. Suck on my tailpipe, loser.﻿
Beyondthepack .. ugly as sin? You're just jealous of guys like me who own﻿ a Benz (me = 500SL). Go ahead and drive your Honda Civic to your rooster fight, and pretend you don't want a Benz. Suck on my tailpipe!
Commercial = Retarded SLS Gullwing =﻿ ..... fucking awesome!!!
it was kinda﻿ cool. very nice car. this could be real cause it is possible. but i dont think they would do it
it's a cool commercial...i like it. don't care if it can be done or not. the point is that the car is awesome and the commercial sends exactly﻿ this message.
@beyondthepack your retarded, this car is such a well made car, its lines are taken from a classic. like other then a ferrai 458 what do you think is a nice car, a fiat﻿ punto?
The Ferrari 458 is better looking, handling, cheaper, and probably a better value for the money. But the power to make women flock by the thousands with the sound of a depressed gas pedal on a 6.2L Mercedes built masterpiece, is the reason I would purchase this car. Chicks > fast cars. I﻿ would know, I dated one once.
Just saw one of﻿ these today in person .... just as sexy as in the video!
This﻿ car is cool well except the doors. lol
The Ferrari 458 is probably all the things you've said, but I'm sure the people who actually buy the SLS will﻿ appreciate the fact it is much more rare than the Ferrari is.
Cool car,but﻿ the ad....so the reason to buy one of these is the barrel roll?No shit,really?
If Mercedes did this﻿ commercial for the purpose of people raising passionate opinions and debates,then i guess they succeeded . Car itself is looker and it should drive as a real Benz super-car too.Great job Germans!!
great car ﻿
why bother with a piece of shit commercial when you have a car like that. Just throw a picture with the﻿ doors open and it's enough.
zildog are you with BMW ? Name one car better than the SLS in it's class! And not﻿ some car that has an engine but one that can be used daily!
Everything i have read says that it is possible if rhe tunnel was cylindrical (which it was) and the car was maintaining the proper speed (not too fast or slow). Sick video...and I﻿ WANT that car.
awesome car! And that tunnel thing is not really absurd, why would it be impossible?﻿
Why Retarded? It's possible I think. Why﻿ not? It's cool car.
Retarded? What the heck. That's an absolutely amazing car. Calling it retarded﻿ is like calling kinect tacky. And no, it's not bullshit when a car can do that, it's called MATH
some ppl dnt think before﻿ they write something this commercial is beautiful and so is the car
that car is﻿ sickening (in a good way)
i was on the highway from Regensburg to Budapest when i saw one of these ... man i really could accept an SLS on the﻿ 1st stage because its perfectly showing modern shapes and keeping the good old race cars shapes :)
Remember ! >> Mercedes can't be retarded﻿ <<
I would never get out of this﻿ car
this is not retarded,﻿ it's the sexiest car on the planet.
i'm a﻿ girl...hell fuckin yeah! that's a hot car
wow.....im selling my ferrari ﻿
Aweee when my dad﻿ showed me he made this seem so impressive i was shocked Now im just a little disappointed :( Owell i still love benz :)
Dude... you know the Germans.....they make good stuff but ya i found out some time ago you don't have to be so﻿ condescending
Mercedes SLS﻿ OMG
those wings at the end made me﻿ chiver
the﻿ sls sounds soo great
I have had mine for 5 weeks. Everyday I love it more and more. I have pity on your jealous soul. By the way they﻿ rolled a euro trash four door in a drain pipe on top gear.So yes it can be done.
....um...i don't get it..all I saw was a sexy ass car? which part of the video is﻿ "retarded" plz expand.
Its German it can I LOVE IT SOO MUCH ﻿
if god have car... It MUST﻿ be a Mercedes....
what an﻿ incredible machine i dont own a sls but a c43 the little brother, amg just makes astonishing vehicles they behave like nascars on a constant basis, they will never give up on you meaning you can drive it all day like a nascar if you really wanted to and pull up to a red light car will be idling at 600rpm like nothing flawless.
To me it seems excessive they went to all that work in creating this commercial, then they drive the car upside down? That's stupid! Only a dumb ass would market a car just so you can drive it upside down.... Yeah, I have a Mercedes E class only because their safe, reliable﻿ and luxurious, not because I can drive the thing upside down....
Come on guys!!! The car is great but the commercial is not!!!﻿
I wouldn't want to be the firemen standing in the drivers way ... very dangerous setup and stupid to show it set up that way. Tunnel full of people and a guy driving through it. I test drove and SLS AMG a few weeks back ... that made me want the car far more than this commercial. In fact, the commercial is kind of embarrassing. For a lot less money the C63﻿ AMG is a pretty amazing car. Love the gullwing style tho
no ur not getting the point of this Commerical. for a car to do this. it needs to go atleast 120mph and create strong enough downforce to stay upside down on a tunnel. And in suchs short tunnel and SLS AMG could do it. Thats how fast and strong﻿ it is. U dont know shit about cars. What do u do for a living? i bet u cant afford this car
I test high powered sports cars and road cars﻿ for a living. Yes, it pays well enough and the SLS is a great car but the commercial was utter garbage. Whos going to be inspired to buy one of these just because a CG geek behind a computer screen made it do a barrel roll through a tunnel! Hi Five... IDIOTS.
I didnt like this car at first, but﻿ now, that I see how it can do a barrel roll in a friggin tunnel :o
@ihmesekoilua he said it's because he doesnt think the sls can pull it off "@machinejet I test high powered sports cars and road cars for a living. Yes, it﻿ pays well enough and the SLS is a great car but the commercial was utter garbage. Whos going to be inspired to buy one of these just because a CG geek behind a computer screen made it do a barrel﻿ roll through a tunnel! Hi Five... IDIOTS. zildog" that's what he said btw lmao
the coolest car in the world﻿
thumbs up if u still fell gsxr 1000 one of﻿ de sexiest liter class bike around
why did this guy even bother trying to pump up this bike?? BMW and KAWASAKI has did this and much much more! the GSXR 1000 hasn't been great since the K5-K6 models. suzuki, you should be ashame of yourself. you use to be the baddest motorcycle on the racetrack. and holy crap, this model has an﻿ "ugly" look to it. it just doesn't look right. SUPER SPORTSBIKE ranked the K5-K6 the best GSXR 1000 ever. i totally agree.
giXXXer...better﻿ than sex
4 of the top 5 bikes that finished the last AMA Pro Superbike race﻿ at Laguna Seca were Suzukis...
I for one think the front of the GSXR1000 looks great!!!! Much better than the front on their new 600 and 750﻿ for sure. I would seriously consider this bike.
i agree i love the look too just need to change that exhaust with﻿ two brothers pipe or something
My grandma might﻿ like to ride that.
The only guys how will by the Suzuki its﻿ the Lovers for the manufactor..! People how allways had Suzukis will love to get the bike because the bike make then happy.. im my opiniao its clear that Suzuki is with Financel Problems and they are trying to deal with the situation, still the Suzuki for 2012 its very nice bike and him my opiniao its beautifull and for shure great machine and aim an Kawasaki Fan=)
that bike was so good he could of﻿ barely talked
my opinion. I like the gixer stacked headlight design! looks like a﻿ freak'n eagle.
I reckon this bike is a beaut, and it does look better with a single exhaust than two:) i buy﻿ it if i had the money:)
fair enough, but we don't all have﻿ millions in drug money to blow.
Gixxer﻿ rules!!
I love gixxers,﻿ and you don't need AIDS to have a top road bike. King of GRUNT.
Japan is skint especially as Fukishima is an extinction event, it's a pisser for all bikers and future cancer rates. I believe Suzuki could build﻿ a bike that would whip the S1000 if they had the cash, a new legend like the k5 was.
Suzuki has the most character.﻿ Honda never has character, hardly none.
the kawasaki looks like some fat ass sat on the whole bike and squished it down about 3", just﻿ don't look right to me, personally I am down for the suzuk styling, R1 is too bug eyed, honda looks better now in 2012, but I think suzuki is the best, personal taste, I used to have a kawasaki zx9, they are ugly now
I haven't liked﻿ the GSXR 1000 since the last one I owned in 2006 which I thought was the best gsxr ever made.
that was the best gsxr ever made. hell i think it was the best literbike ever﻿ made.
Personnaly i like the blue one a lot, with a new short exhaust, little fender eliminator, a Puig Windscreen,﻿ she'll be amazing, and still, with the monster motor in it
why do people like u always get so defensive and emphasize ur "right" to have an opinion or freedom of speech etc? u've expressed ur opinion and so have i. let's take a deeper look at this issue ok? How is Suzuki﻿ behind in the market? In terms of what? Sales? Sure you can think what you want. I actually agree with you that the "new" gixxer isn't really new. But this same gixxer is doing quite well in AMA. and gixxer thous and 600's are still selling strong.
You claimed that my comment was "not exactly fair." I was simply defending my comment against your weak criticism. I never said that Suzukis weren't good bikes; I am actually a huge fan, unlike you. But it is a fair criticism to say that they are behind in the market. Suzuki sales were down 17 % last month, and 40% last year. And you even agree with me that "the 'new' gixxer isn't really new," which was my whole point in the first place. So I can't figure out why you are﻿ arguing with me.
Oh hey, and one more thing. Since you're a fan of Suzuki... what's so funny (according to you it's a complete joke right?) about Suzuki's gixxer1000 sitting in second place behind the R1 in AMA? I mean... it sounds like﻿ you judge bikes on novelty factors. You need something ground breaking and new every time they upgrade? lol They're still winning races bud.
Just wait for the next coming years. I believe they will come out with new﻿ looking bike. still in R&D. I'm a big fan of suzuki, kawasaki, honda, yamaha, agusta, ducati, KTM and little bit of triumph! hahaha
it looks nice i like the change in the headlights looks much better and the shape of the bike of ok too....but i﻿ hate th eexhaust its so big and bulky....why they never make a nice smaller exhaust?
I just bought this bike. I've ridden a 2012 S1000RR, CBR1000RR, and the new Yamaha R1. The ONLY bike I would put above it, would be the Honda CBR1000RR. The 2012 GSX-R1000 is rock solid. The only issue I've had is brake fade, but that's because they use the small Nissin master cylinder with the﻿ Brembo monoblocs. Will be swapping those out soon. The people who are ignorantly bashing on the Suzuki crack me up. Ride one in the same day as the competitors and you'll see just how far minor changes c
Maybe you don't live anywhere where people with the means to buy Bentley's are located. I agree, Suzuki is falling behind in terms of marketing appeal and innovation. But their AMA track record is certainly something to stand on. I would like to see them and Kawi get back in MotoGP but its all company finances. If riders, at that level, are the sole reason for winning, how come Valentino Rossi and Hayden are shit on the﻿ Duc, or the Satt. teams always come after the Honda's or Yams?
I remember being in 9th grade, before I ever rode a sportbike as the pilot, I picked up SportRider magazine in the mall. The 2001 Suzuki GSXR-1000 was named the absolute king of the road, overtaking the venerable R1. It reigned, arguably, till 2008, when the Honda overpassed. Kawi has stepped up massively in the past 2 years, Honda continues to do well, and the R1 is still loved for style and decent tech. Suzuki reallly has nothing going for it﻿ IMO, aside from brand loyalty. (K3 GSXR600 owner).
fucking japs know how﻿ to make a motorcycle
im not trying to start any arguments but i own this bike and ill be 100 precent truthfull its insaine,it﻿ is my second bike and i mean there is nothing to complain about it . i tried all the new bike's all four brands and for me this one just fit me the best dont get me wrong i like them all but you people that talk shit about this bike it doesnt make any sense because they are all really good bikes i dont care what any one says about it .every one has there brand they like the best
I feel like alot of people just by the r1 because it sounds cool but in all honesty this﻿ bike is better then the r1 my buddie has the new r1 and said he wish he would of bought this bike i think the front of the r1 is to wide it is just to slow in the low end power. the reason why i think this bike is the best is because i feel like it is a mix of them all in one it has really good low power like the cbr and really good top end like the r1 and zx10r if any of you people have rid this new modle
Amazing! Sarah was hilarious. I really like the convertible.﻿
What a beautiful car.﻿
Saw one on the road today, better than driving a stinky Smart Fortwo Oh, does anyone agree That this is﻿ almost like watching a Top Gear Review. Better than a Top Gear USA review lol...
I personally prefer﻿ the Mini Cooper, but this is hella better than a Smart Fortwo. Just a bit skeptical about that Italian "reliability"
Fiat 500 >﻿ Mini Cooper
This car is great, I really love the setting that you've done ... really shows where it grew up in around small quarters. Saw a couple of these at﻿ Coffee & Cars, it's really neat!
Personally I hate little cars, but﻿ hot daym u almost sold me on the idea of having one!!! Need more cars like this around so if I get in an accident, I won't get hurt in my rover! XD
Pretty hot car. A little too feminine, but maybe﻿ chicks will dig it.
such a cuuuuuuuuuuuuuute car﻿
I freaking LOVE this﻿ car! But the interior reminds me of a P.T. Cruiser... ewww.
PT Cruiser is﻿ a cheap crap, this isnt. This car has high quality interior, its just designed to look old.
Yeah, I understand what you are saying. It's just that dash in the﻿ passenger side really reminds me of the one in a P.T. Cruiser... Just the way it was designed.. That and the rear taillights is the only thing I don't like about this car...
such an amazing review !! I'm not a big﻿ fan of the 500 but after I saw this review I'm falling love with this Italian shit !! thanks "Rosenthal" for this amazing video ^^
In the U.S.Fiat has long been thought of as tempermental Italian junk, that may or may not be a fair assumption. But it will take a while before Fiat﻿ will be embraced by most American again! This will not be an easy sales job for Chrysler!
I get my license in six months so I'm planning on getting this as my first car. My mom really﻿ wants me to get it and I like it too :D nice review by the way.
funny car!=) PS﻿ you're the BEST rewiewers=)
This video has convinced me further that﻿ I really should trade in my civic in time and get a 500. It's a car that makes you smile, and you really do have tons of fun driving it.
Funny. I just found out this car came to the USA yesterday and two minutes later new I was going to buy it instead of the VW golf gti. Love this car. If all you can spend on a car is﻿ 16,000 I know of no other better car. Hopefully this car marks the end of toyotas in the USA.
In Brazil, Fiat is the automaker's best-selling and considered more reliable. There are in Brazil and many﻿ fans in Europe who criticize VW FIAT products because they stand to see that these are better than the VW cars. This Fiat 500 he is not only a beautiful car but it is also one of the most luxurious vehicles. In Brazil it is considered more luxurious than a Ford Fusion, VW Jetta, Toyota Corolla and Hyundai Sonata. It is an excellent car for the young public.
I have a manual, the best car﻿ i ever driven!
I have a manual, the best car i ever driven!﻿
I kinda liked the car until I watched this video. These two are fukn annoying!!﻿
beautiful, best﻿ small car.
It's amazing, as Jeremy Clarkson said: IT MAKES YOU HAPPY! I wouldn't like to own﻿ one though, cos I'm into bigger cars, but I just can't force myself not to say 'LOOK A 500!' when I see it on the street. A brilliant car, bravo FIAT:
500 sport﻿ for my first car? i think yes.
It was not a great idea having Jenn.f.... whatever, in the initial promos for the car. First she is annoying and can't sing her way out of a bag. Second, it﻿ gave the impression, at least for me, that this is going to be the next beetle for women, not good, at all. Great looking car though.
HATE THE COMERSHOLL RETARDED i like FIAT ITS NICE TO SEE FIAT BACK IN CANADA AND america i put it in small cuz they think there a king shit after we CANADIANS WENT TO WAR FOR YOU GUYS fucking﻿ americans RACIST BASSTARDS
ok LETS TALK CARS DUDE 1st FIAT 500 in this vid not as﻿ nice but still a little cute 2 FIAT 500 THE SPORT SEXY AND CUTE 3 FIAT a little bit big and still cute me i would go with the SPORT and put a small TWIN TURBO KIT
Such a beautiful car. I have wanted one ever since I layed eyes on it during the summer of 2012 in Portugal. Fell deeply in love. Don't have one yet. Don't know if﻿ I ever will :(
Always buy Italian baby ;-D were﻿ made better.
This car is very cool! I love to see it in the streets parked! or﻿ the sound of the sport version! This car is already history even in Cars2 lol xiiii sorry brands maniacs lol you guys don't deliver because your reality just exists in gosip magazines and on internet blogs/foruns Lol.
Yeah the fiat 500 that only sold 12,000 models in 2011 will put all of toyota dealerships in America out of business :/﻿
someone help!!!! i cant decide to get this in sport or a vw GTI, i love﻿ both, but im stuck HELP!!!!!
ive been in love with the fiat ever﻿ since i was a toddler. i grew up in europe and my grandmother had one of the original ones, ever since ive wanted my own. great review!
The GTI would probably be a little quicker (acceleration)...but I just test drove a Fiat 500 "Sport" today in manual transmission...I was blown away by the design of the interior...It looked (but didn't feel) like the inside of﻿ a classic Bentley. It drove really well...pretty smooth ride for such a small car. If you press that "sport" button it tightens the steering wheel and makes the suspension better...I really enjoyed the ride..probably picking one up next week. It's stylish too.
*sigh* How I would love this as my first car I could never afford it.﻿ Sneakers are cheaper but not very weather proof. =~<
Americans just don't know how to build small cars like the french and the Italians (peugeot 208﻿ go look it up) or luxury cars able to compete with the Germans. If u say that the sonic and the fiesta are good small cars u are right but they are south Korean and German respectively
I bought a Fiat 500 Sport because of this video! I LOVEEEE my car!﻿
I love the﻿ Fiat
Fiat is a great car the﻿ unreliable crap is a myth
Fiat 500 has been voted the﻿ best car in the world
I may not be the typical 500﻿ customer, coming from a 2004 bmw 3 series, I can say that I was impressed by the awful build quality and cheapness of materials through out the cabin of the fiat. It felt so horrible that I quickly got out of the standard 500 and hopped in the Abarth tuned version. Ahhh, much more luxurious feeling inside, and better looking from outside, it was snappy on the throttle in sport mode and cornered well, but I expected more form such a small car, but sounded good.
You guys are too good to be doing dealership commercials. If﻿ I were a movie producer I would hire you! Oh...and I love my Fiat.
Just purchased a Fiat 500C last week and I have to﻿ say I was skeptical at first but after driving it for the pat week I am very impressed with the vehicle...the gas mileage, sporty feel and head turns you get while driving the machine make the $19,500 price tag a steal in my opinion!!!!
i﻿ don't know why i love round front lights... i especially like the porsche 911
I love this﻿ car :)
Amazing car!!﻿
i love the fiat it's my background omg﻿
Nicely made video and good looking little car. But Sarah is absolutely adorable especially in﻿ that hat! (waving at Sarah).
sweet﻿ car
This is perfect to drive in philippines! HASSLE FREE! I﻿ wish there is dealership here. I really want one. Its a cute girl car!
the fact that you﻿ can download your driving characteristics is awesome. Every car company should do that!
Love it even the second time﻿ around! What a fantastic review and cool car!
Sporty? I testdrove a 500 and to honnest, my grandma's '90s VW Polo is a more sporty car. I found it very imbalanced and not giving you any confidence to push it hard, certainly if you ad the horible pedal-position. I'm not biased btw, I was really looking into buying a 500 as﻿ a second car for small trips and due to fiscal benefit in my country.
I get﻿ excited when i hear this thing roar. No homo
magnificent machine as always from Lamborghini but I can't﻿ help but be reminded of the Lamborghini tooth pull from Jackass 3D when I see them now!
this car is to leave﻿ any of slack jaw!! thank you saabkyle04
Fantastic machine. I need to go find a car with alcantara to see what it﻿ is. Great job Kyle.
Alcantara prevents slipping. When used in seats it creates a lot of friction to prevent the person from sliding. The SRT's have been using suede instead of leather on the seat bottom and back. The other reason is alcantara is lighter than leather﻿ which helps with reducing weight. Seats in most cars are quite heavy and when really trying to have weight reduction, everything possible area must be looked at. Alcantara is also flame resistant which they use in formula one seats.
i fucking love﻿ the gallardo
Button that raises the front end of the car =﻿ Epically genius idea. I cant stand speed bumps, makes me wanna but a jackhammer and fuck up all those stupid speed bumps.
This is 1 bad﻿ ass car
Alcantera is better then leather, and it is more durable and last longer but the options of these cars are out of this world. You think you have the money for a lambo, but really if you are buying brand new add around 50-60 thousand on the sticker price in options or fees you need to pay. . . It is stupid that is why i choose a brand new GTR over﻿ a 05/06 gallardo for the same price
Personally I don't﻿ like carbon fiber but hey nice car nevertheless.
the dislikes just cant afford to see such﻿ a nice car!
Nice Gallardo too and good job Kyle,﻿ as always.
I usually do but I guess I missed it, I wouldn't call the sound system amazing, it's "good", but lambos﻿ have never been known for the best in creature comforts, more about style and performance over function.
....im so mad when i watch these videos because i just sit here without one of these﻿ cars in my garage. ..thats it, im finishing collage and getting rich. i'll buy a whole fleet of lambos.
FINALLY﻿ A GOOD CAR!
Very cool Lambo, I have seen it at least 6 times but its just too "weak" as in structurally because everything﻿ is Alcantara and Carbon Fiber
Lamborghini doesn't ship﻿ junk
wow,﻿ the lcd display knows the car is white! that's pretty sick...nice car, and nice video :)
That Carbon Fiber and alcantara interior is a really cool combination. Never﻿ seen that in any other car. Awesome Lambo and great work as always Kyle! Congrats on 70k subs!
Amazing engine sound ﻿
ey, nice﻿ car !!
Its been about 15 video's since you reviewed a good car ﻿
Best Gallardo EVER!!!﻿
It looks like transformer!!﻿ Thumps up!!
one of the few cars that look beautiful top up and top down﻿
Nice Car, and congrats on 70,000 subscribers!!!﻿
My goodness that is an awesome sounding﻿ car,kyle you do awesome work with these videos keep up the good work you are cool man
yeahh!!! the﻿ V10 :D
Hmm Nice car, Can I make a down payment of 26 dollars?﻿
I love how this car gets better gas mileage than my gmc envoy Denali........﻿
A great video as always and MAN I want this﻿ car. White would be perfect but orange would be even more perfect.
Very cool vehicle, but as per usual, not particullary impressed by anything I see,﻿ nice video.
absolutely gorgeous, but i﻿ prefer the pure Lambo V12 :) you always make great reviews!!!
Great video﻿ and great car! What car are you going to review next a Bugatti Veyron? Ha,ha!
It's beautiful but the interior﻿ is so cheap my moms cars interior is nicer and she drives a KIA
Love the front﻿ grill wing things...
Are you kidding? Cheap and plastic? It's more like expensive and carbon﻿ fiber.
Awesome car. Thanks﻿ again Kyle. Congrats on 70k subs. That's quite impressive.
white gallardo spyder was my dream﻿ car
I hate those﻿ rims :( otherwise a nice car
thats music to﻿ my ears
Awesome car and vid man, I don't﻿ think people who can buy this care about fuel consumption !
